
                After working away all week I log on to the bank to find my credit limit on my lloyds card had been reduced to half with no explanation. As I pay my balance in full every month, have a really good job and pay my bills on time I was a little baffled so decided to call the bank. I then received the worst possible customer service and was told that I was notified of the change and it couldn't be reversed. I hung up and then the postman turns up with a letter from lloyds the contents of which I can only describe as aggressively reducing my credit limit. There was however a really helpful paragraph in the letter stating that I could reject the change in limit by exercising my right to cancel my agreement with Lloyds by paying off the balance and closing my credit card account which I have just done! :) Thanks for the good advice Lloyds I will heartily recommend to my friends and professional colleagues to exercise their right not to spend money with you in the future. Not quite sure what I did to offend them so much!
            

                I think the description of 1 star sums it up.  Bad experience, unreasonable and rude.I'm a business customer and I've never known "business support" to be further from the truth.  Lloyds were obstructive and overbearing and clearly did not understand my industry or my business.  If you're looking for a business bank account, for the love of god don't choose Lloyds.
            

                I have been left embarrassed by Lloyds very recently. I gave as a wedding gift to my daughte, a cheque for £1000, l made sure that funds were available and handed her the cheque at a celebration meal. On Saturday morning my daughter txt to say that the cheque bounced, l immediately telephoned Lloyds, where Liam told me that the problem was with the recipients bank, l believed him.Within ten minutes the post arrived, a letter from Lloyds saying "alteration requires Drawers signature". I telephoned Lloyds again, explained everything, again, and Rachel then told me that l had failed security and she could not go any further and that there was no line manager, and advised me to voice my concerns on the very phone number we were on. Her attitude was really poor.I have found a website for the CEO, written to him, obviously he is yet to respond, do Portuguese do manyana?Today l have been into branch, (in their wisdom they have shut my local branch), and staff there were unable to explain what has happened or why.If you like a challenge, just to keep you on your toes, secretly enjoy upsetting your close family and don't mind being totally ignored, why not sign up with Lloyds Bank, and fill your boots.
            

                rate will be 0 but put 1.The worst customer service at Southampton Row branch, I have never seen smile on most of cashier's face in the branch through last six years. However I have had terrible experience today, I have no chance to see her name but she is black and she is one of terrible cashier all the time her attitude seems that she is raciest, she makes me unpleasant all the time, unkind, wooden face with no smile, deal Asian customer differently from white. I asked some coins and  she gave coins with 6 plastic bags and 6 ￡5 note pushing them to me and I trying to take those out under the cashier's window asking my memo back to see it if I have all but once I took them out she asked me to move "over there" even though I don't grip my coins all, and so i told her I need to make sure if I have all but she said "that is fine" but do that over there i need to service next customer and I said it won;t be wrong, she talked back the same words... I was there 30- 40 second to count gripping  6 coin bags, only one customer behind me and it did not take time at all, but how, why she attitude too rude, what a terrible girl!!! I think she has some problem. I don't want to go the branch but I use for business banking because it is close to my business but it will be fine I don't need to see her because the branch will be closed soon.
            

                Absolute rubbish in respect of customer service and putting the customer first. 45 years of banking with them and have been treated despicably by Lloyds Bank, with no respect, no service to speak of and very little concern for the customer. Finally having the good sense to leave this appalling institution and trust it will continue to go to the dogs. Whoever deals with customer satisfaction should be fired because they clearly aren't doing a good job
            

                Yes thank you lloyds for firstly taking my daughters savings and give your self a pat on the back for robbing her you ask how ..my daughters 16 had a bank account for years we have been with them 25 years so she gets a job she had roughly 30 pound in account hi lloyds can we get my daughters wages put in her account she just got a job ....oh no your account is dormant after 3 years .... you are joking ...nope.. go get her passport we might do something ...but that's goin cost me 80 pound ...tough ok ... I'll go to HSBC open account in ten mins phoned head office they was about as useful as a ash tray on a motor bike the moral of the story is ....god that cats getting fatter
            

                AS a new resident of the UK I went in to Lloyds bank on Oxford Street in London to open a current account. I aquired the information I needed regarding proof of address and identification. When i arrived in the same branch necessary documents in hand I was refused the opportunity to open my current account. The same person whom I had gotten the original information from told me the documents were wrong and couldnt be accepted. When I explained that it had in fact been himself that had given me this information, he refused to accept responsibilty and said that it couldnt have been him that had given me false information. He handed me a faded print out of the accepted documents with a less than plesant attitude. I returned a week later with another set of documents to the same man only to be refused again claiming they were again incorrect documents. It has now been 6 weeks since I moved to the uk and I have yet to be able to open an account with Lloyds.
            

                I received a letter from lloyds regarding my Euro account I have with them and phoned the number given (if you have any questions phone 0845 3000 000). After ringing that number a recorded message told me the number had changed and I had to redial. After waiting for 8 minutes to speak to someone I was told it was the wrong number to deal with my euro account. They put me through to another department and after a further 10 minutes wait I got through. The unhelpful person I spoke to said their system was updating and could I call back again. I asked if he could make a note of the details and deal with it later and he refused. What a useless and unhelpful "customer service".I will NEVER deal with lloyds again and will be cancelling my accounts
            

                A relationship manager asked me about my social background. When complaining, the complaints person told me not to speak to her 'with that tone of voice'. It was insulting and arrogant. No bad language was used but she failed to accommodate my radical upset and thought it a good idea to tick me off. The complaint is still ongoing. Other aspects of the behavior of the relationship manager, if not dishonest and manipulative, need explaining.Despite 10 years of unblemished behaviour, excellent personal and business ratings we were offered 8%+ on a £25,000 loan to buy property where we raised over 70% of the capital ourselves. Meanwhile, we were expected to pay £1800 plus for Lloyds Bank valuation, £600 legal fees, £200 for a debenture, an arrangement fee of £335 for the long term loan and another of £250 for money in money out vat over a maximum of three months. Interest, of course, extra.  This comes to an upfront sum before any repayments or interest of £2935 excluding the vat loan fee for a pitiful £25,000 loan or nearly 12%. This was wildly expensive.  First we were told the interest rate was due to an unsecured loan (we kicked up against the absurd costs above), then the story changed to the policy we were told that said that interest on £25,000 was double the rate for a loan in the region of £95,000. The attitude was as astonishing as it was arrogant and manipulative. I am sickened. They have a good chance of killing a deal.  I sent information to the e-mail complaints indicated late am on Friday, asking for the courtesy of an acknowledgement of it and the attachments.  They could not be bothered to do this. Ringing at 4.30pm, I was told the recipient 'had gone home'.I am at a loss to understand where these people are coming from. If Lloyds Bank read this, the complaint is about 'the courtesy title'. You will know who I am.I have the distinct impression Lloyds Bank thinks it is bullet proof. It appears to hold honest well behaved customers in contempt.
            

                The worst staff I have ever had the displeasure to deal with!!! Abrupt, uninterested and unhelpful! The only things they know how to do well is to tell you They cant do that or you cant do that!! Officious and discourtious the lot of them!! Massive queues every day because there no staff, I took £1800 to pay in and had it folded in 100 bundles I was told she could not accept that as it had to be unfolded?? to much trouble for her so I had to do it with  no counter space at all and had to do this embarrassingly in front of everyone in the queue behind me!  All bull and smiles when they sign you up after that forget it! This is only my 3rd visit to them and I am already looking to move again!!!Lloyds Bank WARMINSTER!!!! Take note
            

                I  received  an ATM card and the PIN in the same post.They actually got delivered  to a.neighbour in error who brought them to me as they realised what they were.!!!I was told when I complained to customer services that the bank had not made an error.I pointed out that had these items got in the wrong hands I may not have known about it for some months that my accuunt had been emptied.I also pointed out that  if that had happened I would have had a major problem in proving it was not myself that had done this.!!!In this day and age I can not believe Lloyds take this so lightly that its ok to get the card and pin in the same post.I pushed for clarifiation on this and was told the bank had done nothing wrong.I said if I had been told they would arrive togethet I would not have ordered them at all.I was told it doesnt always happen.Surely these items being sent together are a security breach and a worry.This bank takes security measures lightly.I was told I would be covered if anything had happened with my account but 6 months or a year down the line I wonder.Looking at other reviews I think I know the answer.The very essense of' customer care 'is not being followed.It may be time to move my account  to a bank with security for its customers in place.Having banked with Lloyds for some 40 years this would be something to make me move my account .
            

                I've been with llyods since 2011. I'm not happy with customer services, it has gotten worse since. I get little to no help from them. Definitely switching to another bank.
            

                Very disappointed with Lloyds Bank Stevenage Commercial banking.  I applied and was given an overdraft some months ago to help my small business cash flow, then they decided to take it away after 2 months.  I have tried to apply again to help my business again,  I'm not asking for a lot however I have been told that they need 3 to 6 months banking with no arrears or charges showing on the account, well if I was not in a cash flow problem I wouldn't be applying for an overdraft. I have been with Lloyds for over 5 years and was advised by my business partner that Lloyds were very helpful, I have not needed help in the past 5 years as my accounts have always been fine, now we are in the process of re branding the business  I just need a little help with the gap in cash flow  I thought Lloyds would help and all I got was an email from the business manager he didn't even bother to call me back and have a conversation as his title is Relationship Business Manager he could of at least phone me to advise where else I could go for advise.  I thought Lloyds banking helped small business, well they obviously do not, now it's come to the point where I need a bit of help they don't actually do that. So now I will have to go to another bank to get advise on how to go forward with my cash flow.
            

                Lloyds bank acting like the Police - tonight I tried to log on to my online banking only to be obstructed by a screen that was requesting income/employment details.  They maintain that they require this information from a "know your customer" perspective and to do with FATCA.  However I have experienced Lloyds bank breaching data protection rules when on numerous occasions they have contacted me for sales opportunities when there are indicators on my account for no contact.  Do I really want to be giving them further information when they do not operate within the rules.  I have no objections Lloyds reporting the required information to HRMC however I do have concerns that they are using FATCA and Common Reporting Standards as a reason to finding out more information about their customers.
            

                I was a victim of fraud for 129.70 with my lloyds bank account as somebody used my debit card informations to buy a playstation with paypal. As soon as i realised that i called lloyds bank fraud team and reported the fraud and the refunded my money. After 2 months lloyds card debited my account with the same amount and i had to call them back and report the fraud.A lady representative said to me that the bank does not recognise any fraud. There were 2 more transactions that i didn't recognise and reported them to her and she said that it's ok since the money were in and out!!! Hiw ridiculous????? I said to her i don't recognise the transactions and she did nothing.She was refusing to refund me the money and asked to speak with her manager.He was refusing as well and both of them were so unprofessional and rude and were trying to make me feel guilty for something i didn't do.No protection at all from the bank for 129.79 pounds!!!! What a disgrace for a bank that says we would always protect you against fraud!!!They should change it into we will never protect you against fraud!!!Soon to close my account with them.
            

                since last review DONCASTER TOWN CENTRE BRANCH appalling service first of all ATMOSPHERE - heard of that ''banking staff'' rude, unhelpful, look like they all want to cry, depressing hole if ever there was one I've changed banks - the 'contrast' is simply light years away from this LLOYDS - service at ANOTHER BANK - take a seat, drink of tea, how may we help you, service with a SMILE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! take NOT MANAGER OF LLOYDS IN DONCASTER - tis is how a real bank functions that wants to keep their customers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bye bye Lloyds.........................
            

                In all the years I have had Bank accounts the worst I have ever received is when I tried to log a complaint about the attitude of the Club Lloyds telephone handling team and their management. At the time of writing this I have been on the phone for 54 minutes being bounced around between Lloyds Bank departments refusing to even record a complaint
            

                It’s a nightmare! The worst customer service I've come across in my entire life in  Lloyds Bank 111 Woodfield St, Morriston, .I met a CUSTOMER SERVICE HORRIFIC STAFF, she was Grumpy rude, very bad service poorly treated with unwelcoming attitude.  This was like talking to a brick wall. Absolutely unprofessional and unhelpful for my problem.  I never go there again ! At last  I went to Lloyds Bank Oxford St, Swansea, the customer service staff Lewis was professional and helpful , he  dealt with my problem quickly and efficiently.
            

                had my card lost got a new card was told everything had been cancelled but still till this day I keep having money taken from my account.  sick of it all now changing banks and will never return to lloyds again
            

                I was mugged last year for a hefty sum of money in November. The fraud team helped me within five minutes,  quickly, friendly and helpful.  Can't thank them beautiful people enough
            

                My wife and I went to see our local manager about abysmal savings interest rates.I asked how fair it was to offer a customer who is lending money to the bank a rate of 0.1% while at the same time charging an overdraft  rate of 20%.His reply was "That's business."   I expressed a view that ordinary customers were being treated with contempt.He did not comment  other than to say I was welcome to make a complaint .When I asked to whom, he replied, "To me but it won't make any difference because it won't go any further." As the conversation continued  he became more dismissive of us and accused us of wasting his time.When we stood up to leave he told us we were looming aggresively over him. By the way, we are both pensioners.
            

                I went to pay money into my friends account and was told i could only pay at the deposit bank because i was not a customer. I said thats biast!! She said not really because customers take priority so they don't have to stand in a que....erm i am paying into your bloody bank into your customers account. How disgusting we have to pay else where. Utter disgrace!!!!!!
            

                What a great response during  recent fraudulent activity on my account. Dealt with so professionally and with ease during a very stressful time . All transactions refunded within two minutes. Well done lloydstsb I will continue my 25 years with you.
            

                Easily the worst customer service I've come across in my entire life. It's now been over a week that we lodged a complaint about the brand new air conditioner not working, but the response has been far from mediocre. Somehow, Lloyd tends to think we're all a bunch of housewives sitting at home and waiting for their servicemen on their candid response "We can't inform you when we'll come, at what time, or what day. You'll just have to be available whenever we plan to come." I'm not exaggerating. This is exactly what their hopeless supervisor told me. To anyone looking to purchase this air conditioner, don't!! There are better air conditioners in the market that provide much much better support than this horrible brand.
            

                I have just tried to deposit cash in Golders Green branch. The line stretches through the whole area of the  branch , the deposit machine broken. One cashier onlyGave up after 15 min and drove to the Hampstead branch which turned out to be closed . This is how Lloyds Bank treats their faithful customers ( over 30 years with them)Totally furious!
            

                Top in WORST banks!Snobbish, unethical and incompetant branch staffs. First, I am a customer but I was left feeling that I need to beg them to approve the opening of my account. Totally under informed and not trained to deal with expats and only follows so-called "Protocol/Database" that varies in the hands of different banking advisors at different branches.Poorly treated with unwelcoming attitute by a Personal Banking Advisor named "Loreta Cirkova" that raise her voice and telling me "Your are not listening Sir" when I am trying clarify the required documents that I was told sufficient proof for bank opening by the advisor over the telephone but declined in branch. FYI, the amount of my income tax alone is definately worth more than your monthly income. My housing rental is worth more than what you can afford for monthly dispoble. SORRY you just lost my business!But I must give credit to their friendly telephone-line advisor which I have to give credit for their patient and effort to understand my situation as an expat whom just relocated and in need to start a bank.
            

                Disgusting I was frauds and they told me to investigate so lost money and no refund worse bank ever had to tell em where to go NATWEST is the best!
            

                All the time i shop online my card messes up bad on every web sight possible and ses card not pressent? Like lloyds can't I ever shooing online.
            

                Issued high denomination notes for a US dollar on $300 transaction even though they were aware we were going to the Caribbean. Travel sites recommend low denominations. I was told this was all the had in the vault; they would buy back at 10% premium and I should've read the T&Cs. T&Cs state that they will issue a mix of denominations. Inflexible when I asked to change and patronising too.
            

                I've banked with Lloyds for 25 years so I'm in a position to inform people what they are getting involved with if they choose to bank with Lloyds...They were good at first but have rapidly gone down hill over the years whereby I would describe them as unethical, immoral and they have no interest in providing a service, they're just interested in getting your money and as much of it as they possibly can.I could go on but let me point out 3 of the most important points/ experiences I've had with these people and make upyour own mind...1. They allowed fraud to be committed on my account whereby £1600 of charity money went to a TSB account (their sister company) yet Action Fraud say they couldn't do anything because they could not get the details of the receiving bank. This is because Lloyds would not help. They neither refunded and did not respond to a written complaint. They obviously do not care about the suffering that has been caused to abused animals and there are reports of crookedly in that this has happened to other people.2. They left me stranded abroad and would not help even though it was their mistake they stopped my account. I had to use my return ticket to fly back and sort the problem out because they left me with literally zero money. They offered me £50 compensation. Again, they couldn't care less.3. They hard sell and I opened a new account elsewhere so I could bank in peace. One of their employees who was trying to sell me insurance took me into a room and gave me the story of how her niece died of cancer and that yes, cancer does affect people my age to get me to buy the policy! There is a distinct difference between the working practices of Lloyds and my main bank First Direct. Just the way Lloyds manage bank accounts and your transactions is all tailored to cream as much money from you as possible.First Direct do not do this.Today myself and two business friends have closed our accounts because of this and as a result lloyds have lost £500k between us and I will continue to inform people what Lloyds has done.Don't make the mistake banking with Lloyds.
            

                If you love wasting your time while trying to get through to customer service then Llloyds bank is the one for you.Went to park one day, had no change so went to pay by credit card. Lloyds declined the transaction. Ring them up, get answer in 15 minutes and told it is because it looked fraudulent. Then had to be put through to fraud team to resolve the issue. Waited for 45 minutes before hanging up and going to beg others for money.Over an hour to try and pay for parking and still unresolved. Try and send complaint form and just get an error message saying it can not be sent.Lloyds is a joke when it comes to customer service, which is a shame because everything else has been great.
            

                I was very disappointed by a rude staff last Friday at Kidlington branch however, the Summertown branch I went today was a delight!  I felt so so welcome by the experienced staff.  Well all I wanted was to open an account to bank with Lloyds and I was finally able to do so.I do like the way I was treated by Lloyds as a new customer.  They have shown me they care and value their customers.  I will not mind to bank my money in Summertown branch.  Just avoid Kidlington Lloyds that is.
            

                Do not trust anyone working for this company. I've been lied to and deceived into various traps that caused me to get into a lot of debt and caused a lot of damage to my life.
            

                My account was attacked...with the aid of a branch assistant in GENTLEMANS WALK NORWICH ....I requested the cctv be saved on numerous occasions but the branch manager refused to let anyone view it....then deleted it !!!??? when I asked her why she said " its done now so what are you going to do about it ? "     My question is....why did she do this...why did the bank not want to catch the fruadster.....why did she not hand the evidence over to the police.....why was I refused to view the footage....why would the bank not want to keep cctv of a fraudster for future reference ????   something fishy going on me thinks !!!!
            

                Very bad service and as I demand to speak to a manager the girl refused my request and kept raising her voice.
            

                As I write I'm on the phone to Lloyds Business department.  All I'm trying to do is change the account name.  I've spoken to two people and given my security details twice.  I've been on hold now for over 15 minutes, even though I was told there would be no wait as I was transferred.  It is SUCH a waste of time.  Go with Metro Bank, my brother just opened a business account and apparently they're much better at answering the phone and being efficient.
            

                I was in a restaurant near one of the central London branches when an employee sat with his friends at the table next to mine. After a short chit chat he started discussing work and my name poped up. It is a very rare name indeed, and once he stated the account size to uninvolved individuals it was clear that they are talking about me. The manner of talk was disrespectful and offensive.
            

                Lloyd's business banking Absolutely rubbish! I applied for a business banking account which was accepted. I was asked if I would like a cash card or a debit card? I chose a debit card so I could set up payments for my workers. Only to find out after I singed all paperwork, I received a cash card only. This is not convenient as every month I need to pay my workers I would need to go through a very long process of using a card reader with 3passwords to pay my workers! I have to start the week before to make sure everyone is paid on time. Utter rubbish... Phone them requesting a debit card & was declined, asked for a reason question what there is no reason. But I have help a personal account with them for years with a debit card. I'm going to go to Santander.
            

                online banking does not work, it always asks me for more numbers than are in my memorable information, it's being doing this since November, i could not speak to them via phone because of security reasons.......... even though i gave her enough information about me. she said ``i can not help you because somebody might be standing behind you watching``, i told her i was at home, this went on for quite some time until i finally lost my cool and slammed down the phone.this much security is just plain stupid, in many ways it looks very dumb as well, because it's pretty obvious that i am who i say i ami have to go to the petrol station to check my account, this bank is now rubbish i'll switch my account to somewhere else...it's still not working two weeks later
            

                can't wait for UK to get out of EU so lloyds would collapse
            

                I was lied to when I took my credit card out by the staff in the bank, dealing with so many departments on other issues and a truly awful call center in the Philippines not there to help, UK is greatLeft without money because of a CPA over xmas
            

                My account has been closed without explanation the reason after 10 month of being member... It's a nightmare, now I need to open banc account ASAP and all my founds stock there as well, they saying they posted the check, but I did not get it. Horrible bank...
            

                finished paying off a fixed loan agreement only to find out the last payment is higher than expected, Lloyds bank inform me that if your payment falls over a weekend your payment is taken on the next available working  day accruing extra interest  this was never mentioned on my application feel ripped off
            

                I have a start up limited company and need a business banking account. having been a personal customer of Lloyds for more than 20 years it seemed obvious to take my business banking needs to them. They declined my application. The reason is hidden behind "you do not meet our criteria" and they dont disclose their criteria. My business is cash funded , i dont need an overdraft and they still said no. How are start ups supposed to start up with this kind of unhelpful approach. what's worse is they will lose my personal account shortly too!
            

                Send money and we'll release your money that block. It is our security policy.From the account to an account in the EU.What is it?It does not correct the bank.I do not recommend !!! Attention!!!
            

                all of the keyboard warrior people below stating Lloyds - i have not a bad word to say, the online Banking & App are easy to use and responsive, and do not require a degree in IT to figure out... I called them yesterday for a query, i was dealt with quickly,  the customer service agent was almost too polite.. if that's a thing. I have recently moved from Think Money: which if you are unfamiliar is essentially like scraping the bottom of a sludgy barrel when it comes to banks / service / and reliability.... so to me Lloyds is a breath of fresh air. Top Job
            

                Card protection dept totally clueless and caused me to lose 1000 pounds , avoid this bank if you like to think your protected with your credit card purchases You can spend days preparing all the evidence to send to the team, all the merchant has to do is lie or bend the truth on the phone and they will side with them without getting back in touch with you , next step is taking it to the FOS
            

                they just took money from my account..never to get it back ..
            

                They sent me a defective card which was a huge inconvenience as I was forced to use my Canadian card and thus charged a heavy service fee for every use. They give poor instructions. Their internet banking is also terrible to use. I hate the memorable information question they ask every single time you try to use it. It's a great inconvenience. I will be switching from this bank asap and will not recommend it to anyone. Lloyd's is a very inconsiderate and poorly run bank. The tellers are alright but everything else is crap.
            

                Gone downhill since spilling with TSB! I've been with Lloyds for 15years and since spilting with TSB their service has become shockingly bad. Blocked my card on the same transaction that I pay for a monthly bill (every month!), each month I have to call them just to unblock the transaction and get told that it could happen again next month & it does! I spend 20minutes each month answering security questions just to lift the block! I'm all up for security but it's ridiculous that a customer is telling you it's them paying the provider, provide all the details of the transaction & confirm that they will pay this amount monthly and yet you still continue to block the transaction!!!!! It's not even like I'm trying to make an international payment its only for a house hold bill!! terrible service... had enough of the poor service and decided to switch bank providers.
            

                Absolutely terrible fees when using your card overseas. Extremely difficult to get any help on the phone. Their interest rates are absolutely rubbish. They started charging me a monthly fee on my business banking for no apparent reason. So I plan to close all accounts with them and go to Metro bank and Halifax.
            

                1) Rejected to open an account for my partner even that my partner has excellent credit score. They made passport and other document copies and then rejected... After while I went to the bank and while I was waiting in the queue I have noticed a pile of documents freely lies close to the entrance on the floor and of course copy of my partner's passport was on top of it -  Yes, sounds like I am lie, and even I would not believe anyone telling that to me but truth is truth - so customer data is free accessible on floor and on top of that all they kept documents of my partner without permission as she does not have account there... Breaking law twice!2) Silver account is totally useless as it costs 9.95 a month for Europe travel + phone insurance + AA breakdown ... there are much better offers from other banks...3) Queues if you need to go bank are massive - it takes in average around 45 minutes...4) Mortgage percentages are too high - When I did quote it was one of  highest percentages on the market and they not really bothered about helping you out at all...5) Other offers for example car insurance and house insurance - they must be joking....6) Rumours - that this bank has the weakest security ever... I don't know if it is true but time to time it makes me stress :/I am the customer since 2008 and now looking for switching banks... Hope it just me having this all trouble with them... Good luck in your bank huntings...
            

                I have a business account with Lloyds bank, and only use it rarely to run a  very small Property Management Company.  I have never experienced such frustration, I gave up with their card access because that was a nightmare, and the batteries run out frequently.  Now I log in with 'Memorable Information'.  Maybe every 6 months I try to log in, to pay bills etc,  by then, I cannot remember what  'Memorable information I have saved, and you cannot even get a hint. ( like most web sites ) a prompt like first school, first pet, boyfriend etc.  Well I dont know about anyone else, but I have lived and long and fruitful life, and glad to say I have LOTS of memories.  So how do they expect me to remember just one. OK I should have written it down (somewhere)! I know Lloyds are trying to make it harder for the scammers, and security breaches.  But, PLEASE can you make it easier for Customers?
            

                Used to love Lloyds, even worked for them a few years ago. Also have a long line of family members who have worked for them, including my grandpa who was a bank manager for them for 50 years. Ever since they split with TSB they seem to have got worse and worse. Went into my local branch to change my name - simple procedure with all the right ID and paperwork and a month later it still hasn't been changed. This means my name on my bank card no longer matches any of the rest of my ID, causing me endless problems. I've had to phone customer services at least 4 times, every time they say they can't get through to the branch because no one answers the phone, regardless of the time of day. All they can do is 'request that someone calls you back' which would be fine, except nobody does! And why do I want them to call me back anyway, i've given them all my paperwork, it's their mistake and nothing to do with me! This should be resolved without my input, especially as I am 6 months pregnant and can't be travelling backwards and forewards to the branch all the time. At this point i'll be changing to a different bank, as will my husband who has also banked with them for years and we have our mortgage and house insurance with them. Will also be telling all my family and friends of the terrible service i've received.
            

                I see a load of complaints so could just be that I spoke to someone that actually wanted to help me. Basically money had been taken out of my account leaving me overdrawn then being charged £10 a day for the unplanned overdraft fees. Contacted customer service straight away once I noticed this and once explaining what had happened I got put straight through to the fraud department and after being on the phone for no more than 30 minutes we managed to go through all the unknown transactions report it as fraud and got a full refund on everything even money that disappeared over a month ago that I never noticed and really polite helped me a lot got my refund within 10 minutes so thumbs up from me :) Happy customer
            

                I have now been waiting for two hours to speak to a complaints manager.their complaints procedure is non existent. They have tied my phone line up which I use for my business and it has probably cost me over £200 in lost trade. For that I have been offered £1.60 for the cost of my phone calls . I shall be looking to change to another bank asap.This is not the first or even the second time this has happened but it will certainly be the last.
            

                The company I work for changed owners so the new bosses bank with this rubbish bank. Every Bacs; Chaps ; fast or intenartional payment shows as Direct Debit on that statement. And guess what, direct debit payment are names that too. There is no name for the company you paid or received money from,the payment reference it's gone.  Also USD payment from a USD account would cost you a fortune. Every time you pay someone and the payment was set up to SHARE the bank charges, the bank  (Lloyds ) deducts $30 from the amount paid so basically you underpay each supplier by $30 so get ready for complains. That happens because Lloyds does not have a link to USA/Canada/any other country  for payment USD and Canadian dollars payment, so basically they are using and intermediary bank to make the payment and they charge you for something you should not pay. A rip off. Run for you life and do not bank with this guys. NATWEST is great, never had a problem.
            

                Its Friday 14th October 2016 at 6:20PM. I have now been waiting for someone to speak to at Lloyds Business bank for 1hr 55mins. I'm only hanging on now to make sure they know how pi**ed off I am - I've forgotten the primary purpose of the call! Besides, I've come this far - I want to get to the 2hrs!As a result, after 40 years with Lloyds I do think it could be time for a change, if only to free up the phone lines for others!
            

                I have been trying for months to close my business bank account that I have had since 2004.  Lloyds have all the paperwork they need from me - copies of passports, security questions, letters from my bank in Australia (Westpac).  I have spent hours on the phone trying to figure out what the problem is - have made formal complaints -and it has NEVER been resolved.   They claim they will get in touch but have never done so by either phone or email.  And although they said they would stop the monthly fees - they haven't.   For some reason they don't close the account but, still continue to take out monthly charges - 4 days ago spoke with Natalia Baker and Paul Tait - who promised it would be resolved.  But still NOTHING!   What the heck is going on? !   Do I need to take you to court??????
            

                My Wife has attempted to open just a basic bank account at Lloyds. She has a Romanian passport and I am British we have just moved back to the UK four months ago. My wife has a job here and needed a bank account for her salary. We initially tried to open a bank account at the branch in Kingsbridge Devon where my mother is located and where we were staying and were told quite adamantly that she had the necessary documents to open the account. We organised an interview for the next day where she was then told that the documentation that they agreed to the day before was not adequate (they checked with the manager). We have since moved to London but wanted to continue trying to open this account. We were told at the branch in Wimbledon that an employee letter from her employer added to the documentation already requested would be enough by a member of staff at the bank we provided the documentation and got a rejection in opening the bank account. We were then told that we needed to have a utility bill or council tax bill. We provided the council tax bill for our apartment in Wimbledon and were told again in the branch that this would be enough to open the account and today my wife has got another rejection letter and the bank refuses to say why. So we still have nowhere to put her salary which has now been accumulating for three months. It seems that the staff in the branches are working from a different set of rules from those somewhere else. This situation is totally unacceptable and just shows how incompetent this organisation is.
            

                It often takes me multiple attempts to get to my online banking as the site is forever crashing. This drives me to distraction and totally destroys the idea that online banking makes life easier. Some days I can't log in at all.
            

                Paying for things with my card and phone simple but keeping track impossible!It takes weeks even months for transactions to show, and when that do it's wrong date wrong time may as well be different year because if you make as many different payments as me it really is just a mind field!I think if the date of payments don't co inside with when they where made the bank should forfeit as they are technically committing fraud!Don't use Lloyds untrustworthy
            

                For the last 3 months ever week when I do my online supermarket shop Lloyds flag it up as fraudulent activity. I then spend most of my Sunday trying to get Lloyds to sort it out (they refuse to ring you back). I've currently been on hold for 1 hour and 35 minutes. Go to any other bank but DON'T GO TO LLOYDS.
            

                Lloyds are frustrating to deal with. I can purchase a plane ticket online but cannot purchase a simple bus ticket from national coach express or aircoach. The same message keeps coming up cannot process unauthorised transaction .... spent all morning on the phone with them and all they can say is nothing wrong with your card, like I don't already know that. Useless useless useless
            

                On the 2nd of September I contact Lloyds bank regarding a refund I had been chasing from a company. Lloyds advised to email them the details of the payment i made to the company and also the email i sent to the company asking for a refund which i did immediately.  I did not recieve any reply to my email until the the 8th of September. In their reply, they asked for the same information i had forwarded in my first email on the 2nd.That alone was so annoying and frustrating. But I still went ahead and resent the information. When i did not get any response to my email, i rang them again on the 16th which was 2 weeks down the line. I was told they were still investigating and would get back to me.This is horrible customer service especially from such a Bank. You rely on them and trust them to sort you out and yet they let you down.I am considering taking my accounts away to a more serious and customer focused Bank.
            

                I switched to Lloyd and had no issues with them until few days ago.I went to Croatia on holidays and when I returned I found my Business account is locked. I understand that Lloyd might have needed some additional information so I went to Lloyd branch with lot of documents to unlock my business account. Their customer service was pathetic, branch manager forwarded me to the Retail business banking on the phone and they kept me on hold for more than 2 hours. Even then the issue wasn't cleared and they told me to provide the information by post ONLY. This is pathetic as I told them the urgency of unblocking the account but they don't really care. Salaries were not paid from my business account, also all the incoming payments and standing orders were blocked by Lloyds. I feel my money is not safe with Lloyd so I am taking them to Financial Ombudsman as their complaint department doesn't even listen and resolve the issue.
            

                Credit LimitsI applied for a credit choice rewards credit card and I got a credit limit of £1750.00 which was given to me at the end of July 2016 I then drew some cash and inquired about me taken more cash out as I needed to book a hotel for November 2016 On Saturday when I went in to my internet bank I then discovered that the reduced my credit limit to £1000.00. How could a bank give you a credit limit and reduce the credit limit only after 2 months,when I phoned to complain they said my credit rating was not good but I have a loan and another credit card and I pay them on time and have had no problems.I am disgusted with Lloyds bank. I will not accept any products from them again. I have been with them for four years.
            

                After 40 years of being a current account holder with Lloyds Bank I have now decided enough is enough. I have become, over recent years, more and more demoralized with the banks behavior towards its customers. After the recent banking scandal you would have thought that their senior management would have made every effort to keep their existing customers whilst trying to attract new clients to the bank. Instead, they are now closing more branches whilst trying to discover new ways of adding additional charges to their existing customers accounts in order to recoup their losses. My recent experience has been the last straw.For no apparent reason whilst making a payment to HMRC for car tax, my debit card payment was refused because of possible credit fraud. I can accept that nowadays on the internet security is paramount, however, the Lloyds notice which advised this refusal stated they would ring in 5 minutes or you could contact them on 0845 604 5603. Needless to say no call received and when you ring their quoted number you get an automated system which doesn't resolve the matter. Finally after 45 minutes and searching the net as to which number to call, you finally get through to their fraud department who have no idea as to why your card was refused even though their page advised you to quote category C5. I asked what would have happened if I was aboard and my card was refused and their response was that I should advise them prior to all foreign travel. What a lot of nonsense. Their systems are not fit for purpose and in my opinion their management need to reduce their TV advertising and spend those resources and fixing their internal systems.
            

                I tried to make my first payment online. You have to "set up a recipient" and to do so phone ( would you believe it ??) some Lloyds person (how inefficient and dangerous compared to using Pins is that??) to go through a "telephone authorisation procedure". Presumably during banking hours and then it may take 2 banking days. So in the end I paid my rent from my foreign account. That's nothing to do with Online banking, that's telephone banking at best. It is so backward and inconvenient. I sent a query and haven't had an answer for 6 days and I've been checking my mailbox daily. What a JOKE this bank is!!! This banking relationship could well be over after just 3 weeks. Why did they not tell me they have no proper online banking??
            

                I had to stay abroad longer than 3 months. They blocked my account without informing me. After letters,emais and horrendously long calls I returned to uk. They told me that nothing happened. It wasnt unblocked. They obviously were charging me all this time. And to confirm how unlrofessional liers they are they told me that thery have no record of me contacting them from abroad!
            

                I have been blocked from my account for trying to send money abroad for a relative's hospital bill.It was a bank holiday weekend,my mum was in hospital and needed treatment asap i tried sending money to her and without any notice lloyds blocked my account and my card,rang the bank and they asked me to go to branch which wasn't open until the next tuesday,my eletricity run out and had no money to top up,couldn't go to work coz I had no transport money my poor mum couldn't receive the treatment.lloyds is absolutely    unprofesional and should be shut down
            

                Absolutely rubbish...on hold for hours.  No help at all ..cant even take a mobile number down correctly....7 months of my card being cancelled " due to security" prob spent about 11 hours in last 2 months  of n phone to shi*te sLloyd
            

                i am housebound due to agarophobia,i have money in my account that lloyds wil not let me access,they will not let me transfer money to mums account and they will not close my accounti am housebound i simply cannot leave the house due to anxiety and fear of open spacesbut explaining this is like talking to a brick wallmy absolutely stunningly  gorgeous 11 year old cat honky makes more senseall these people say is come into branch to get the problem  sorted outhow can i with panic attacks i askwell you will have to they sayaaagh i could scream
            

                DO NOT BANK WITH LLOYDS TSBthey actually authorize FRAUDULENT transactions (from a company you have never heard of)  and when you put in a complaint about it you get nowhere, they say the details were "genuine" so they must of come from you when they haven't they aren't that bothered by customer complaints or keeping their customers happy, it's more "give them the script" words/letters than actually taking the time to listen and reach  a resolutionthen there's online banking, works fine ONCE but next time you go to log in all it says "your details aren't registered" "that username/password is not recognized" and it's a hassle trying to reset them, again when you complain all they do is tell you that them locking you out of your account is "correct" yet the username is what THEY GIVE YOU
            

                I would say lloyds is the worst bank in terms of business banking.
            

                Terrible services through the phone as well aa in the banks branch and ridiculous fees for overdraft and credit card. When it comes to give you credit card or overdraft they are first at your doors but when it comes to any help there is none to help you. Be carefully taking any insurance from them and any of their special account plans or any features because you will pay ridiculous amount per month and when it comes to claim you are being laught in the face. I have also been lied by the person setting up my insurance and when I opened the case against him he slip of it nicely like a fish... Stay away from them. For your own safety..
            

                The bank fails to send chaps payments on time for conveyancing transactions avoid at all cost !!!!!
            

                I opened an account at the end if June 2016. The first payment from our client went in on 6th July; after which lloyds TSB froze our account claiming they needed 'Proof of Entitlement' for the funds. It's is now 22nd July and have been advised can take up to 8 weeks to resolve even though I have sent through 17 pages of supporting documentation. I have been told that my complain will be escalated and I will be receiving a letter that the process is ongoing, basically they implied that there was nothing they could do about it and they didn't really want to anyway.Absolute clowns!I had to open an account at Santander in order to continue running my business and had to pay suppliers out if my personal account this month.To be fair if like me you think banking with TSB will be ok and they will take care of me you have been warned. They are the two Bob bank.Horrendous customer service. Wish I'd read these reviews before opening an account with them.
            

                With FIVE THOUSAND AND EIGHTY-SIX OFFICAL complaints to ombudsman in just six months, how many actual complaints does Lloyds Bank PLC get?I have irrefutable evidence of deliberate and systematic abuse of a disabled person by staff at Hanover Street Edinburgh over a concentrated period.They admitted loads of mis-selling and refunded all premiums and gave compensation but, when it came to unauthorised overdrafts and three huge loans, they say this person with learning difficulties knew what he was signing.I have held three demonstrations outside th bank and am going to be forced to be there EVERY DAY.Further, BBC, STV and the press may be informed soon to blow this immoral company out of the water.You are messing with the wrong wrinkly Lloyds/TSB!Check out "The People against Lloyds/TSB on FB.
            

                I opened an account 35 years ago at my local bank which was then TSB. I thought they were bad. It then became Lloyds TSB and now Lloyds. This bank has gone downhill fast in the 2 years it has had its new owners. Never more than one cashier on although there are usually 4 or 5 people behind the counter. I have seen queues almost outside but never open a second cashier. There used to be 3 but they have recently put in a self service for deposits which no-one ever uses. I was asked if I wanted to be shown how to use but as I pay a rather large sum for my business account  I am not going to do it myself when I pay them to do it. I have just tried to transfer money to my ISA account from my current account and been given the message that it cant be done online and been given a number to call. Haha, so much for "easy transfer between account", I have either got to spend ages on the phone or make the journey to the bank and spend the best part of 20 minutes in a queue. If this bank wasn't so convenient I would look to go elsewhere like a shot.Come on Lloyds, sort your shoddy customer service out.I have ticked the box to let Lloyds know about this review but I doubt anyone will contact me.
            

                I had an appointment in the Westfield shopping centre to open a bank account. The operator on the phone told me what documents to bring. I brought them and one of the staff members told me, that they arent good enough, and told me what i had should've brought. I set up an appointment for another day, came with the right documents and it was the same thing again. The documents werent good, even if the staff member told me what documents specifectly to bring. Thank God, I have an appointment at Barclays bank. If Lloyds bank plays with people like this, I have no idea how can it not loose all the clients
            

                just horrible online security,i was objet of 2 fraudulents movements of close of 2500 pounds each in online purcharses and i didnt notice until i back home check my online banking and see this pendings transaccion.They even dont confirm that was me,no msn,no call....they should block my card or something and no allow close to 5k go away of my account .im more than furious and i will move my wage away for this scum called bank
            

                I spent 1h 45 minutes on the phone as I was unable to complete the monthly transfer for £200 to my own Help to Buy ISA. Despite the money being on the account. And to add insult to injury, at one point I was transferred to another department with the promise that there would be no wait for this change - I waited an additional 28 minutes. I'll be changing my bank account. What a waste of a Sunday morning.
            

                I joined Lloyds club card and one of the conditions was to to transfer my previous bank account to them.I had to direct debits transferred to this account (as it was one of their requirements)As I did not transfer £1500 each month into the account they charged me £5 per month as "fee" which were deducted each month of the interest I was receiving.The two direct debits were for credits cards.Over the last two months I did not use one of the credit cards and the bank found it as an excuse to deprive me of the interest due to me over those two months.Just to add insult to injury they still charged me £5 fee for each of these monthsI immediately closed my account with them and advised my friends and family to do the same
            

                CARD WOULDNT WORK, CARD GOT SWALLOWED - CUSTOMER SERVICE HORRIFIC STAFF LIED ABOUT ME SAID I WAS ABUSIVE I WASNT HAD FOOTAGE TO PROVE THAT -RECEIVED TERRIBLE LEETERS THREATNING ME-REPORTING ALL TO OMBUDSMAN DO NOT BANK WITH THEM SAY NO TO BAD COMPANYS WHO THINK THEY CAN BULLY US......GETTING CARTER RUCKED
            

                Continually block my cards when I try to use them from my house abroad. I  am then forced to spend a small fortune on calling them every week. To make matters worse they are rude and act like they really don't care. They must have one person working in their fraud team - if they answer in under an hour its a miracle - either that or they just block everybody's cards for no reason! Will be switching accounts as soon as I'm back in the UK. Just terrible.
            

                The abuse given me by this,bank has been intolerable.  Today, the manager in Birkenhead branch refused to arrange a meeting and shouted out in front of all the customers that I was not allowed an overdraft.  I will be sending in a formal complaint.  I will be contacting the financial ombudsman to lodge a complaint against them.  I am not accepting any compensation from Lloyds.  Their behaviour is disgusting.  Other banks have agreed with me that they have a bad reputation, and have told me that they get heavily fined if the financial ombudsman has to investigate.
            

                I got a LLyods Avois credit card last year, mainly because of the avois points and the 0% foreign transaction fee. The credit card is a great product if those are the things you are looking for. The customer service at LLoyds is atrocious. The bank agents are poorly trained and unaware of their own bank policies. I have, on several occasions, been hung up on (this has happened to bank agents as well when I have been in the branch). As long as you never have to deal with customer service, Lloyds is great. But it seems higher management is totally disconnected or blissfully unaware of how incompetent bank staff are.
            

                I made an application to open an account 3 weeks ago, I brought  the needed documents to the branch, and then after 2 weeks I received a message telling me that I need to take my documents to the branch (AGAIN!! ) and that I should check my email about that. On the email there was nothing, I went to the branch, they apologized that someone hasn't done his job properly and I opened again the account. Now I have received the same message telling me I need to bring the documents (I HAVE ALREADY DONE THAT!! )I called them around 5 times so far, and they couldn't give me a reason and I went to the branch 2 times just to open an account. The next time I will go to the branch, I will do it to withdraw my application.I don't recommend this bank not even to my enemy.
            

                by far worst bank in the UK..rude people/managers  totally detached from reality how to deal with customers...just right buffons ....AVOID
            

                Between 20:00 and 22:30  I've spent 1hr 48bmins trying to speak with someone .  Call dropped twice after 17 mins and 39 mins respectively ,  third    call 48bmins  still waiting  although battery is failing.   Tey then have the gall to charge me for going overdrawn despite not alswering my calls when trying to arrange transfers.  EVERY  time I call they claim exceptional call volume,  if it's always busy it can't be exceptional can it ? Here's a radical idea , how about  employing enough staff instead of paying ludicrous  bungs to senior management  who clearly can't organise a subsidised  too big to fail tax payers money pit. Avoid at all costs
            

                You would think that a "changing your address" should be straight forward, well think again if you a Lloyds Bank customer, I moved to my new home on the 1st of April 2015, today is the 31st of March 2016!!! I gave my neighbour a lift, and saw my old postman who told me that I have Some letters laying about in the floor at my old address, I went promptly to investigate and there was recent letters from Lloyds and Halifax, with my bank statement etc.. Now in the 16th of April, I went to my local Lloyds bank and Halifax branches and changed my address, and since then I never recieved any letters which I assumed was because I use the online banking only.. So I called the bank and they told me that they didn't change my address yet!!!!!why??? So many of my statement and co responds from the bank are gone!! And they asked to go again into the bank to do the same thing and change my address!!After one long year...which my personal information is probably in some strangers hands!!!! Totally auful!!!
            

                In February I had a letter addressed to excusors of my estate regarding a Ppi refund additional payment. It's nearly April and I still haven't heard from Lloyds why there thought I was dead. I ring them three times a week and the customer complaints can't deal with the matter, I have seeked legal advice and lloyds not getting away with this. I have three bank accounts with them all in the process of being closed. No customer service what so ever. Still never got an answer but the onbusman got involved and we had a financial settlement and my details were updated.
            

                Hello I feel a bit weird writing about this but I would never do what was done to me so let's go. I lost my mum at Christmas I'm full of grief and to make it worse I had to pay some bills. I had some money to put in the bank and went to my local branch of LLoyds. I went in and they were shutting it was only 3.25 and I thought they closed at 4. The small woman who was closing the doors was there I'm on crutches as I have a bad back condition and said oh please its really important I only want to put this money in my account won't be a second. She said okay. I walked up to the window and the woman who was around 40 (I think so not a young girl)pulled a horrible face at me obviously put out by me handing her some money and putting my card in a machine. I said then to be nice oh this is really kind of you thanks. My mum died at Christmas and this is money I have to pay. She snorted and shrugged her shoulders I said did you hear what I just said my mum died. She said so what and shrugged again. So I asked again she said yes I did hear. So I like an idiot burst into tears. I felt so humiliated but her cruelty was so unexpected it set me off as I'm grieving and this wasn't even a month after losing her. She actually smiled and laughed and turned her back on me when I stood there crying.  I was so upset and the small woman who'd been locking the doors came back. I said she's not a very nice person is she and she pushed me out of the bank.  She said no you're wrong she's lovely and this is why I'm crying my eyes out making a complete div of myself. She laughed and said yes she is and I heard them laughing as the doors shut. I was so upset I actually thought of waiting to confront them when they came out but they sneaked out the back. I was going to let it go because there are lots of nice kind and loving people in the world too. But I can't because I went to go to the bank and even though I've stood up to bullies and all types of people and like to think I'm brave I couldn't go in without crying. I've lost most of my family over the last few years. I lost my dad as a young teen. I feel compassion for people and have helped people to the best of my ability. What type of person does that to another person who's in distress? They actually laughed at this I heard them. I've written to Lloyds. You know what I pity them because one thing I'm sure of is you always reap what you sow so when they're upset and distressed and someone is really cruel I hope they remember the absolute cold and horrible attitude they showed me. So basically their customer service is appalling in that branch. By the Oval Wirral.
            

                Still waiting for the return of the VAT I paid on a new bed for my mother, she is suffering from cancer doctors now say only week left not months, bed not even been used after first trial of two hours, now in storage. Will never use you again.B M Jones
            

                Asked for one months payment holiday on my business loan  paid for 7 years not one missed payment. Not only did they not honour my request, didn't even get an acknowledgement, then a later for missed payment and a bad note on my credit reference. and a snooty email from a business manager, saying we don't give a loan interest free, REALLY! you don't say.Can't wait to leave them. Soon!
            

                Its our own fault if we keep dormant bank accounts open that pay no interest.Why should we expect banks to tell customers of over 40 years that they can earn more money in a different account?After all they are banks,they just want to pay you as little as possible on your savings to make sure they can pay themselves fat bonuses.If the going gets tough they can always split themselves or have a merger and if thats not enough just get bailed out.The only way to get a better deal on your money is to play them at their own game.No loyalty and just keep switching.
            

                I've been using Lloyds online banking for several years now and have always felt frustrated by its incompetence.  They have just updated their website with a new design.  I was really excited that I may be able to do things I could never do before as you can with other banks but no such luck.  The only difference is the layout and everything is bigger.  There don't appear to be any new features and I'm very disappointed.  If it wasn't for the amount of work it would create, I would be changing banks.  Get with the time Lloyds.
            

                You are more likely to get offended than sort a issue.I could not make a payment online dispite following all the procedure they layout.Why Barclays can ?!Is there a Managing Director who God knows what is doing or The only excuse for them is fraud fraud fraudIs like they been robbed every second.
            

                I have to say that the online banking and their banking application is excellent, buy it stops there. They might as well shut the small banks, Bristol Road Gloucester is not uncommon to see one cashier, yet the building is huge, the other rooms which I'm guessing for customers to discuss their issues are rarely used. I've never seen them in use. It's little wonder they charge the public as much as they do. They treat customers like rubbish, yet the adverts on TV give this immediate prompt service.
            

                Extortionate bank charges and refusal to increase measly overdraft to avoid charges. All the while offering me £6000 credit card! Some months my charges have exceeded £100. I have a perfect credit rating so absolutely no reason why I shouldn't have a small overdraft to avoid massive charges. They claim to be a responsible lender. I don't think so. Ombudsmen now involved and after 40 years I am taking me custom elsewhere.
            

                I noticed money taken out of my account which i did not recognize so got in contact with Lloyds. I was constantly put on hold whilst they asked this dept & that dept and as i was at work i could not hold any longer than the 30 mins i had already wasted. The young lady said she had logged everything and when i rang again we could take it from there.When i rang again nothing had been logged so i have had to go through the whole process once again.The simple fact is someone has taken money out of my account on Lloyds banks watch and they want me to hang around on the phone while they transfer me to every Dept imaginable.Poor, poor service.
            

                To make the story short.. i tried my card out to see if my wage was paid.. apparently  not so i had an unplanned overdraft. . How?? As i ask for it and they told me i could not do that as i was a new customer.. now i have a 105 pounds debt. Because  of the first 5 pounds i was under.. they gave me money that i diddent ask and claimed intrests on that.. stay away from them people.. !!
            

                Their online application process is a joke. You spend ~30 minutes giving them ALL possible data about yourself (they event want your mother's maiden name!) and filling in the most ridiculous "aptitude test" where there are no real "winning" answers (you are presented with some possible scenarios of what could happen at work and expected to choose 2 answers - the thing you'd be most likely to do and the way you'd be least likely to react - most of the answers sound reasonable so you are somewhat forced to mark one of them as "unreasonable" - your "least likely to do"). At the end you are told that "unfortunately, you have not met our minimum criteria and therefore we are not able to proceed with your application" - keep in mind that at this stage there is NO HUMAN involved in reviewing your application - the 'verdict' is given in less than a minute, so there is simply NO WAY someone, somewhere has read your responses and decided you are not suitable for the role. I do not mind being rejected - I agree I would have made a lousy banker because I despise banking, but there is absolutely NO explanation given as to why you are automatically dismissed by an algorithm. It could be your race; it could be the numer of times you moved; hell, for all I know, it could be an incorrectly formatted CV (though heavens know what is the "correct" way of formatting). A huge waste of time and disappointment; I would expect at LEAST a human to review my application from such a big and renown institution; instead, TSB chooses to insult me, credit me with no respect whatsoever and downright dismiss me, not knowing ANYTHING about my personality and aptitude. Just serves to show they are not worth working for!
            

                I use to feel sorry for local branches. But the branch in cottingham east riding. Really needs a shake up of the poor customer service. What the cannot be bothered you have all day to wait attitude members of their staff adopt. Really would not miss that branch if it were to close. Just waited in a queue of 4 people whilst the one slow could not care less member of staff a rather effeminate small man with a bitchy attitude. Waited 20 mins whilst he is still serving the same woman asking about isa s and transferring her money into different accounts. After 20 mins I needed to get back to work. Asked do you have another member of staff you can open other window. To be told no we only gave 3 staff on and other two are busy in the back. You can come back later if you cannot wait. This was said in a very ofhand and I will take all day attitude.I sopose these  staff go unchallenged. So if this branch closes will I feel sorry for that rude little man to lose his job?? No will be quite pleased. And I will not be coming back later. Will look for a bank where the branch staff care about customers and how long they keep them waiting....
            

                Dear Online Public......My online banking had been suspended (Krishna knows why?).......so I phone the uncooperative Lloyds Fraud Team as requested, and here is how things went:Round 1:Phoned LLOYDS FRAUD TEAM and spoke to EDDIE, who took me through security and the three questions from my credit file. Answered said questions (without multiple choice).... mortgage provider, maiden name (well, another name I have been known by) and my age on my next birthday. Funnily enough, I didn't pass security and she told me after making me wait for 21 mins on the phone on an 0845 number, that I now had to go to a bank with my photo ID. Furious!! Plus the fact she didn't seem bothered to help or explain things to me after this point and repeated the same phrase she was obviously being shown to say on her computer. Round 2:Phoned back 20 seconds later.... and spoke to GEORGE. Again, went through security and answered three questions from my credit file (this time got the option of multiple choice, WHAT?). Funnily enough, my mortgage provider (same as Round 1), my maiden name (well another name i have been known by, but same as round 1) and now name someone I live with (different question). I passed and my online banking was unlocked! When I mentioned to him about the phone call with Eddie before (not being able to get into my account with the same two questions as this time and no multiple choice) he then says he shouldn't have allowed my online banking account to be opened (even though he got me to log in and check it worked, and it did!), because I had spoken to Eddie before, suspended it again and asked me to go into branch with ID.In the words of Nan "What a load of old......LLOYDS" Now i've been with Lloyds (hate to say) for 25 odd years, when I go in tomorrow morning I am going in to escalate this somehow, to make sure that the one monkey, who got it wrong out the two and who Lloyds bank pay to secure my money from fraudsters even away from myself, is taken and shot over the PC they have been taught to use. Unless I got my age wrong on my next birthday (which I would bet my house on I didn't, because my son was there listening at the time), I can't see how on hell's door I didn't pass security during round 1. When this is resolved it will be time to finally get my son to help me move my bank to someone better.......I hope more people do the same, when given lemons and a monkey to make the lemonade. Showing Lloyds, that even when the government didn't shut you down (as they should of) in 2008 for your F**K up during the last financial crisis, people can show you it's time for you to change your game and that you are not infallible.Sorry Joe Public (reading this review), this is long winded but this scenario happened before (again with Lloyds) to me a while ago and i put it down to a one off. But twice, is a P**S take from your "ANTI-FRAUD" department!Happy banking people and if not, change banks......!Wrathful from Worcestershire! :-)
            

                Working for a cs helpline myself, it's not as easy as you would think. And I called my bank ls 24 he cs line this evening. And had the pleasure of being connected to a Scottish man names Harvey.  I had a quick enquiry. But considering some experiences I have had, he was a breath of fresh air to deal with, very professional and confident sounding man. Issue was resolved within minutes. Thank you for fantastic customer service. Customers please note than when you are waiting over ten minutes for a connection. Us agents are not sat having a natter and a cup of tea. Were on a call looking at our service stats with 10 calls waiting, having a nervous break down. So please be patient
            

                Been a costumer for the last 30 years and never had an issue.After opening a club saving account, I couldn't see how to setup a standing order to that account as there was no option on drop down menu. So decided to reach out to LLoyds helpful customer service. The first advisor was OK but couldn't help so transferred me to the internet banking section. Not only I found the second advisor unhelpful, he was also arrogant and rude.Thanks to this adviser, after 30 years being with Lloyds I am going to switch to another bank.
            

                The new super dooper internet banking is launched and believe me it wants launching, horrible, not user friendly and takes longer to access than the old system. Absolute rubbish, I  phoned customer service who had no idea how to navigate it either. Try sorting your direct debit by date, it doesn't work, reply oh yes we know about that. I cant see my pending transaction, let us check, reply we can, that's no use to me I need to see them, reply oh yes. What a mess !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
            

                I would advise anyone to stay well away from Lloyds. The customers service is appalling, Merchant services a diabolical.  The process for Closure is a 3 step written letter notification which is clearly in favor of Lloyds and the merchant and designed to extort monies from clients if one of the step is is  missed etc. No customer loyalty applied, clear "not our problem"! attitude. Terminated the service 14 months ago to switch to Worldpay as they are considerable cheaper.  Asked Lloyds to reduce fees, however, they refused! I am now out of pocket for over £700.00 for not using their services which they refuse to refund.  Lloyd customer loyalty is ...there isn't any!.
            

                Lloyds are beyond terrible. I made a complaint because they set up a min payment on my Credit Card and then started whacking on charges that exceeded my monthly payment, leaving me in a debt hole I couldn't get out of. I tried to explain about this and the extortionate charges on my overdraft and the complaints advisor just didn't care and continued rhyming off T+C's. I have been with Lloyds for 7 years and I cannot wait to leave them. I've already moved my CC with a balance transfer to barclays and once I can pay off my overdraft I'll be gone!
            

                I really do not think a business customer with a significant deposits at this bank deserves to be treated like this.I have a debit visa cards and already on two occasions it has been declined for some medium size transactions. This was embarrassing at least.But even worse is how you are being treated as customer. They give you a number to call but forget you will get through. A series of automated queries and already 1 hour on hold because they are 'extremely' busy.How to call this other than FRAUD?
            

                I've been with Lloyds for 8 years nearly now and I have to say that they have certainly not been 'there for the journey' as per their advert. I know that I haven't got the best credit file but through out the years I've applied for loans, credit cards, overdrafts and to date not been accepted for anything from them for when I needed it the most.When I was 19 my car insurance was over £2000 and I had to rely on my brother to get me a loan, or relied on other people (which by the way is very embarrassing) and I have paid every single person back.But what kind of bank doesn't even give u a chance over 8 years, my credit history isn't even that bad so this pretty much says that their acceptance criteria is set quite high. They could of earnt probably a lot of money out of me but I've now finally given up and looking for a new current account elsewhere. Thanks Lloyds
            

                We have been trying to setup an account with Lloyds for more than a month now and still haven't managed to do so. Apart from the 3 weeks delay to open our account due to them not reading carefully the forms we submitted and insisting that there were missing information (which was not the case), we haven't been able to setup our online banking as they messed up with the application forms. To their credit, the people at the customer service tried to be very helpful and polite and kept on apologising every time we called and said that the problem is now sorted. However, we haven't received anything from them and still don't have an online banking service about two months since we first applied.Unfortunately this is not good enough, as we are a business and needed the banking services up and running as quickly as possible.Very disappointing, Lloyds need to have their system rearranged as it doesn't really work as it is.
            

                I got terrible experience with Lloyd Bank.  It's been 1 month and I didn't got an account yet. Some of staffs are very rude to customers. I got an appointment on Wolverhampton lloyds bank on 16 oct at 1and waited long time and some staff from lloyds bank said they interview the wrong person not me . and also said Come again next week and make an appointment again. Now I am going to make a bank account on another bank. Worst Experience ever
            

                Absolutely pathetic service. Everything is done via snail mail and one letter at a time with a 5working day wait on it. It's been one month and I still have not even received everything to open my account. They also FORGOT to send my documents through to head office and pretty much closed my application for two weeks. It wasn't until I chased it up a few weeks later that they realised some body messed up big time. But still as above its been a month and no account and no access to money. Never ever use Lloyds Bank!!! I will be transferring to another bank ASAP
            

                I have had some negative experiences with my card being clones a few ones with Lloyds. This happened about 4 times. I was resilient and kept on, accepting their apologies, refunds and assurances. I have come to the end of my tether however. In the last 2 weeks I've had to spend a total of 6 hours on the phone (?) trying to sort out a recent fraudulent transaction on my account. When it happened I called lloyds and had to wait for two hours  for the fraud team. I had to go to bed so I hung up and so woke up at 5.30am the next morning to try again.  I froze everything, cancelled my cards and tried to get on life while I waited for a new card. Fast forward a week and still no card so I called to ask and explain the situation. This time I told them about how I had been told that the fraud happened over the phone, lloyds told me that this was not possible even though I had just been told that a few days earlier. Anyway, I re-ordered another card which also didn't come. I asked if I could send it to a branch and was told absolutely no way. (This conversation was another hour btw) After securing my internet etc I unfroze my online account only to find MORE FRAUDULENT activity!!!! I called again and was on the phone for a further 2 hours today before it was dealt with. At the end of the call they said go into the branch and order a new card (even though they told me I couldn't do this) and that if it happens again then it will be negligence on my part!!! Bear in mind that I have had a few card cloning situations that lloyds didn't protect me from before! After all this I am going to leave lloyds as soon as humanly possible!
            

                For such a big bank lloyds have no good customer service not even there mangers knows what they doing some times am on the phone to them for more than 2 hours making my house phone very high each month and I have no choice but to call up they don't respect there customers and always hanging up Please please if you know what's good for you don't bank with lloyds am leaving them I have been fruded so many times because of them Hate them they Need to be CLOSED DOWN
            

                Tried to open a club account for an amateur radio club and it was a disaster from the off. They 'forgot' our application, and when I phoned them they rushed through the application - resulting in all manor of issues including wrong names, no chequebook, no paying in book, no chip and pin.To top it off, one of their so called advisor put the phone down on me (after passing their security checks so he could here me, and spoke to me) after I had been transferred from another department. Call was from 9am 18/09/2015 .Absolutely the worst time at a bank ever. Should have gone to Barclays like we did last time, up and running within 2 weeks with no hassle!
            

                Very greedy policy they have. I agree with the reviews above that they are horrible, although I experienced some very minor issue with them. I am going to close my account as soon as I can and choose a better bank. I'll make sure I spread the words.
            

                My husband and I have both been with the bank for over forty years been slightly overdrawn now and again never over agreed overdraft never missed a payment on any loan just paid three thousand six hundred pounds to pay off a fifteen thousand pound loan on which we had never missed a payment so I could take out another loan for a new car went to apply for loan refused on the grounds that we would not have enough money to live on if they gave us the loan the payment was one hundred and ninety pounds per month the loan we had been paying with no problems was two hundred and forty six the girl told us she had no discretion and we should try another bank I said we would be closing all our accounts she said there's need to do that just show them your lloyds statement to show how much money you have paid in every month joke will be closing account rubbish bank I got financed through Vauxhall for car much better interest rate anyway lol
            

                I was with Lloyds bank for 28 years and never went overdrawn and always had a good amount of money in my account. They always tried to get me to take out things I did not want or need they never once offered me what was best for me and my finances, they constantly pestered me on the phone despite me saying please do not contact me I will call in branch or phone when i need something. When I moved some money out of the account and transferred it into an ISA with another bank they told me I was stupid and that I would soon transfer it back. They offered me 0.5% interest and another bank offered me 3% despite  being a loyal customer. In June this year enough was enough and I switched my account to Santanders 123, the switch went very smoothly with no issue's and I am now earning decent interest and cash back and they do not hassle me at all. Lloyds have not once asked me why I was leaving or contacted me since, which I find very appalling.
            

                I has set up and paid an International payment to a new recipient but one week later discovered that it had not been paid.  When I set up the recipient I had a problem with confirming on my mobile but it went through on my land line and I made the payment; so it was a complete surprise that the money had not left my account.  When I phoned in I was served immediately and very politely.   I went through the whole transaction again with the line open to the support team.  It failed again with Chrome and then with Firefox.  In each instance there was apparently no record at the LLoyds end that the transaction had been logged.I was then asked to use IE and not only did it work and surprisingly the details I had previously input were already there.  I was told that their system has not been checked out on Browsers other than IE with Windows.  When this transaction was completed I was not asked to confim by mobile or landline so I assume some input had taken place by the LLoyd's team.I remain concerned that despite completing a recipient set up and a payment nothing was paid out and the transaction disappeared.  Also that when the mobile confirmation was in progress I was logged out and a message asked me to call a number which the Lloyd's support chap "....did not recognise".  All rather disconcerting.
            

                i can't praise Lloyd Bank enough for preventing my account from being hacked.I received a text message asking if I made a transaction for 83p and of course I didn't so,I rand them and they detected it was a woman in America testing my card ready to make a larger withdrawal.Lloyds were very quick off the mark and cancelled my card and are getting another card to me within 5days.I can't praise Lloyds enough for spotting this so fast.Thank you Lloyds well done..one very happy customer.
            

                Hi ive been banking with lloyds 13years plus I just started a new job and wanted my wages payed into it like i have done for years . the first couple of wages went in fine. i went to work friday 31st/07  (payday) so i gave my bank card to my partner to go do the shopping and what ever else we need only to be told that the machine took my card so after work i went into the bank to find out why only to be told my account had been closed and they cant tell me why so i would have to ring them from home to find out why i spent the next hour on the phone ( keep being pinged to the next department after department and then to be told they shut my account because i went -£5 over drawn . i have no overdraft on my account but it would always go a little over as long as it didnt go over a tenner i wouldnt be charged and it would be taken as soon as money was in there. so now we got no wages to live on as its been sent back to my employer which will take 3 days to clear i have no bank account and have had no letters warning me my account would be closed. And for the bank to tell me they done nothing wrong i find disgusting lucky i have a good supportive family
            

                I have had a current account with Lloyds for 35 years. To set this up in 1980 took 5 minutes and I have been a loyal and model customer ever since. When I set up my own business earlier this year I was told my track record means setting up a business account would be much more straightforward. This could not be further from the truth. After 3 months my account is still not open.  My complaints are as follows:1. When you call you have to give the same information to the machine several times . When you finally get to a person they ask for the same information again. This all takes around half an hour.2. They clearly have no clue what people do when running their own business. I was asked what I would be doing and whether I would be on holiday when I was not doing paid work. Why did they need to ask this question anyway?3. The 'compliance department' asks meaningless questions including about future income, not seeming to recognise that there is uncertainty about the future. Are they going to hold me to it? or refuse my money if it does not fit what I told them? 4. They ask the same questions several times. You give them the answer and they come back a week later with the same questions. The more answers you give, the more questions they ask.5. They asked for proof of future income. When I produced some evidence from my prospective client the people at my local branch did not know how to put it 'on the system'. This caused another week's delay.6. There is no evidence of progress and no information about progress. I had to phone to check. There is no one person to speak to, only a different member of the "team" (I use that term ironically)7. It is now 2 months since I started doing work for my business. I have had to use my personal current account to pay for expenses and cannot invoice my clients yet because I do not have a bank account.  Heaven knows when my clients will finally pay me.8. They have phoned me up several times offering other services I don't want such as insurance, despite not delivering on what I asked them to do.I have gone beyond anger and incredulity and have now entered the despair phase. Take my advice. Go elsewhere. Why can't this website let me enter zero stars?
            

                UK banks have a bad reputation for customer service, so you have to have low expectations, but no matter how low your expectations, Lloyds TSB can still shock you with just how low they can go.Outsourcing call centres to India is one thing, making you wait 40 minutes, to speak to somebody in Mumbai, who doesn't speak English properly, and has no ability whatsoever to resolve your issue, who then puts you through to the wrong department in the UK, for which you wait another half an hour, is just the beginning.Trying to resolve anything over the phone with Lloyds is pretty much pointless.  But they give no e-mail address to deal with anything in writing either.  I can't remember if Lloyds TSB was bailed out with taxpayers money, if it was, I want my money back, it should be closed down, it is not fit for any purpose, except for tormenting it's poor customers.
            

                Banking with Lloyds for 8 years, but there customer service is a disgrace - although it will involve a lot of hassle I will be moving my accounts to another bank, as it will save time in the long run.After waiting an hour I was put through to a woman who had obviously no desire to do her job and after explaining my issue the I was immediately disconnected
            

                Really upset with how my branch manager spoke to me. Raised voice and spoke to me like a 3 year old. Turned to TSB for a small personal loan but it was declined. I wrote a letter to the manager asking for help and advice on a future mortgage and an inheritance going through probate and I hand delivered it to my local branch; I heard nothing for 3 days before I chased it up and I received a phone call from the manager demanding why had I sent a letter to them and why I contacted them in particular. I felt humiliated and embarrassed and tearfully and quietly hung up. Their photo is displayed in branch offering their assistance; this is terribly misleading. I have been a customer for over 10 years; does this not demonstrate some financial stability? Local banking? Being given a telephone number for customer service is not local banking. I look forward to closing my account and I have changed my mind about asking you to provide my future mortgage! I currently have a bank account with TSB (not for too much longer) and a new loan with another provider.Also I have had a lot of issues with Clicksafe not allowing me to purchase online; during a recent online purchase the 3D box popped up urging me to contact my bank to sort and enable future purchases to go through. So I rang TSB and the lady doesn't know what Clicksafe is...she tells me it's a server error with the retailer..reluctantly I do as she says and call the retailer who is just as confused as I am. So I Facebook message TSB (I'm not going through another phone conversation at this point) and explain to them that there is an awful lot of info on Clicksafe on the website but nowhere does it tell you what to do! Answer? Call customer service.
            

                I`ve been with Lloyds for 20 years, my partner for 30. We had our first disputed payment with a garage that had not carried out the work that they had quoted for so we disputed the £400 credit card payment within minutes of it going through, the Section 75 team where obstructive and unhelpful to the point of stupidity (another garage carried out the work not done for £200 which was clearly shown on an invoice and also on a separate estimate as requested) however they choose to believe the original garage which said that the work not done would have cost £1,300 --- seriously would anyone pay £1,300 to have car carpet dried out ? It just all became too much effort, I really thought that Lloyds would have been on their customers side but they weren`t interested
            

                Fed up of Lloyds. Every time i order something on the internet. The stupid Click safe system intervenes and its always 50/50 on whether it's going to let the order go through or not.Trying to speak to them on the phone is a nightmare.You can't change your address on the internet. You have to send a letter to their head office... It's like going back in time.
            

                I tried to open a Lloyds "Treasurer's" account in early 2015. Even after applying considerable prerssure, this process has taken around 3 months with no errors in the application. The correctly completed paperwork was received by Lloyds on 7th April. Once the application process is started, customers are given a contact number of 0800 056 0056. Regardless of the time of day that you phone, my experience was that a typical wait to get through is about 30 minutes. (It was also the same over a year ago when I tried and failed to open a similar account, so things don't seem to be improving.) No indication is given of approximate waiting time or position in the queue. The local branch is unable to handle the account opening, so this number is your only route into the organisation. Once the account is eventually opened, you are given the "direct line to your Relationship Manager". It turns out this is actually a team and you don't have a relationship manager. Their number is 0345 072 5555. Waiting times on this line seem to be around 10 minutes to get through. In my experience to date, they are rarely able to resolve your query and put you through to another department which involves another wait in a phone queue.  The whole process of opening my account took around 3 months and was only completed after lodging a formal complaint and intervention of my local branch manager (who is not allowed to do much until the account is opened). Unlike the Business Banking section, my local branch manager has been great and I cannot thank him enough. I do wonder what would have happened without his intervention. Lloyds also managed to lose my request for online banking somewhere in the account creation process, neglected to send me a welcome pack and no paying-in book. If thinking of opening a business bank account, my advice is to go elsewhere. If Lloyds don't want this type of account as part of their portfolio, then it would be better not to offer it.
            

                1.) House contents insurance with Lloyds (they underwrite this themselves!) - damage clearly stated in the insurance policy - declined 3 times2.) Someone completely unknown misused my debit card details and charged me £ 49.99 three times in a row. Lloyds refused to charge back the money because the fraudster had my debit card details...(?) HELLO ? The fraudster has stolen my debit card data somewhere and now it is legit for him to withdraw any amount from my account ?3.) Lloyds sold me a incapacity insurance policy, I had a bad accident and broke my backbone/spine. Thought I could make it back to work so I made my claim late after having been sick for many months. BECAUSE I made the claim so late they said, I am not entitled to the insured £ 2.500 any more but only £ 963 per month now ... at least that got paid ... pityful4.) Receiving a sum from abroad, although I got everything right, the sender made a mistyoe in the recipient line of the international payslip (caus of bad eyesight) - Lloyds refused to credit my account because although bank account number, sort code and address are correct there is a little mistype in my surname (1 letter !) and now they have to return the money to the sender. (Full charges applied of course.)5.) Had one of these travel insurance included "silver accounts" - once I made a small trip and a child gang surrounded me and my child on a train station, they stole a camera. Although repeating the claim 3 times they did not even answer.Sorry Lloyds I am banking with another (very small and unknown) British bank, but they make the following differene. They need their customers and CARE for them.
            

                Ok...a story! A real one! (Croce my hart)In the date of 1th may, this year, I had an appointment with a lady, witch working in this bank, for opening an account. The drill, everyone of you knows it already: interview, nice questions, documentation, offering services, etc, etc. In the same  day, formalities and the procedures have been accepted by the main bank and in their system I has been accepted as client in their Branch. In following 4 days, I should receive my Card and all the documentations. That actually happened. in the day of 7th may, the mail bring me the envelopes. What do you think, that it was happening in the same day?The lady from the bank ( By the way ST.ALBANS , Hertfordshire Branch) called me and she was telling me that, the account is not valid; and it should be closed by the reasons like : the letter from the employer is not good, the address witch I give is not credible, and..... ,,for Romanian citizens, the formalities are totally different from the rest of the European people and for the Polish people it`s much easy.`` (It will much easy for me, if I`ll my name  and passport with a polish one?).It`s funny, isn`t it?After a day, some guy from the same branch called me and he was putting me some questions. It was also frustrating.I came here, in UK, to make my studies, I got a job, I pay taxes and I`m actually respect this land and his people; and I really respect the law. But being honest, with good sense, I`m just ,,a toy in the racist machine``.If I was doing other things, to win money, or my living, I might didn`t have to have an account in any bank, do I?It is better if this Bank, this company, will put, in the front of the main door the same sign, like the shops did in the age of 60`s(,,No Irish, No pakis and No dogs``). Today will sound like: ,,No Romanians, No Bulgarians, No Latvians - if they are honorable people and with good sense, or if they want to prove their respect for the Quinn and Country!``By the way, after this story, I don`t know how sure I might be, about all the personal information`s I have give to this bank and about the privacy, that my name and the copies of my documents will not be used in other purposes. (I`ll not be surprised if an Police officer will give me a coffee in the interrogatory chamber)Morale: ,,I`ve run from a corrupt country and I fall in other one! Lucky me!`` From St Albans, with ,,love``Dumitru - Marian Aionesei
            

                I spent over 20 minutes trying to pay a cheque to clear my Lloyds Bank credit card, but was told by the VERY RUDE cashier at their WELLING LONDON branch that they won't accept it. No reason given and there was no manager present who I could complain to. One of the ways Lloyds claims you could pay their bill is by visiting a branch and I had no previous problems, as I usually post my cheque in. At the branch, I called Lloyds so-called "customer service" line and they said they would call the branch and then told me they couldn't help me because no one was answering - despite at least 3 staff present in the branch! I had to travel to another Lloyds branch where my cheque was accepted. Worst customer service ever! Time to cut the strings - and the card.
            

                They can't get anything right and make communicating with them as difficult and time consuming as possible. When something goes wrong (which is often) they are beyond apathetic and fixing it is painful. Awful.
            

                I'd like to share my experience of Lloyds.A few years ago I sold my home in the Euro Zone and transferred 300k € to the UK. As soon as the money arrived at Lloyds I moved it to their Super Saver account to get a bit of interest.First Lloyds gave me only £0.8537 per Euro instead of the average market rate for the day which was £0.8687; I lost £5280 on the exchange rate. Next Lloyds charged me a £5000 foreign exchange fee for receiving my money. Since my Lloyds current account didn't have £5000, I was hit with a £20 overdraft fee. So Lloyds got £5280+£5000+£20=£10300 of my hard earned cash. In return, after 4 months, I got £2.60 interest in their Easy Saver account. Oh yes, and whilst abroad, I couldn't access my account. When I did buy a house in the UK with the money, I had fly to the UK and visit a Lloyds branch just to get my money transferred to my solicitor.Rotten service and legalised day light robbery, the Lloyds black horse is there to trample over customers.I have gone back to First Direct and use Transfer Wise for foreign exchange transactions. very happy with both.
            

                I went into a branch to submit paperwork for a name change. Had to submit two separate name change forms because for some reason they had two separate profiles for me in their system (which the advisor at the branch said was a system error). One profile was for the credit card and the other was for the rest of my accounts. A week later, the name on my credit card was changed, new card received but no confirmation for any of my current and saving accounts. Call number 1 to the customer service number: They said they'd ask the branch to call me the same day or the next day. Call number 2: Three days later, a person from a branch called, but from an INCORRECT BRANCH. They then advised that they will get someone from the correct branch to call me this time. NO CALL from the correct branch. Call number 3: I called the customer service number. The person who helped got on the phone with their "SPECIALIST DEPARTMENT" who advised INCORRECT INFORMATION TWICE for the reason why the change hasn't happened. They finally concluded that the change was in progress and should be done in the next three days. They advised me to call back if it's not done in 3 days. At this point, it was over a week since I first came into the branch. Call number 4: I re-read the confirmation forms the branch gave me and it says to give the bank THREE WORKING DAYS for them to confirm the change has been processed, so I decided to call sooner than the time they asked me to wait for. The person who helped said I would need to wait because if he calls the specialist department again, they will advise the same thing, ie to wait for 3 days. Call number 5: of course nothing happened after 3 days. I called again and asked to speak to A SUPERVISOR this time. After I explained the situation, this person DID NOT even try to call the "specialist department". He tried to call the branch, they didn't answer the phone so his final answer to me was "YOU NEED TO COME IN TO A BRANCH AGAIN", despite the fact they already have my paper work and changed the information on the credit card. I responded saying that the next time I come in to the branch will be to close the account since I find it hard to trust a bank who can't even get a simple name change right. The person responded saying THERE WAS NOTHING HE COULD DO. This was where it ended today. Worst experience I ever had with a bank. What's worse, the customer service reps were at least a bit more helpful than the supervisor.
            

                I became overdrawn, my own fault. Two days before I could pay my account was deleted without warning. This made applying for my new job complicated. The contact service is a maze of questions and transfers leading to literally no progress after 15 minutes.
            

                Appalling service received from Lloyds.  From the outset of choosing to open a new business account with them I have had to do all the chasing. Never received a call back as they advised would be the case.  Once I called to check on the status of my application and to ask why I have not been called, I spoke with a manager who was very apologetic and assured me this was a one off.  All my details were taken, again, and I was told I would receive details of the account to sign and return within 5 days.  Having received these I signed and returned immediately. After 7 working days I again called to check the status of my application, being told 'all is in order and the account has been accepted we are just waiting for it to be cleared and opened, this can take up to between 14-20 days'.  Well, on day 25 I called after, still, not receiving any correspondence to  be told 'your account has not been looked at yet, I am very sorry I will get it looked at today' I asked to speak to a manager right away, none were available so I asked to be called ASAP by a manger for them to explain why this has happened stating if I received no response within 24 hours I would be cancelling the application hoping this would trigger a response for once . I am still waiting for their reply, more than 24 hours have lapsed!  When they eventually call, which I hope they do, I am looking forward to the reasons given so I can reply with my reasons for taking my business elsewhere.
            

                AVOID AT ALL COST!!What a joke but seems I’m not the only one! So wished I had read reviews first!!Been trying to set up an account and factoring with Lloyds since 5th December 2014 – Was told process would take 10-14 days:  after 33 days gave up on the factoring took way to long and each departments don’t talk to each other, which delays things further : Went with Bibby in the end they were fab!! Turned it around in 7 days!! Still waiting for a paying in book – then found out I don’t have internet banking I have to apply on line print the form off and send it in the post!! WHAT??  In this day of age!! So another 10-14 day waits!!Friday I called regarding a BACS facility was again told have to apply 10-14 day wait will send an email with form to fill out?? Well its now Monday @ 16.17 still no form  and I’ve been on the phone for over 1 hours  (and still am) being charged 6.51p per min trying to resolve it, oh and being told no notes from my call on Friday!!This is a new business set up – I had business ready to have but have lost out due to Lloyds!!If you want my advice and you want your business to succeed……. DON’T GO WITH LLOYDS – THEY WILL KILL YOUR BUSINESS BEFORE YOU EVEN GET GOING – THEY SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO GET AWAY WITH THIS SERVICE!!
            

                I've been with lloyds bank for a fee years now and regret going with them absolute joke of a bank I've had rude members of staff etc the list goes on but back to the chase I paid £179.50 to intercity telecom and I took my phone in for repair and was charged for the screen I was told by trading standards to fill in a redentant form so I rang up lloyds and told them the story and the filled me up with rubbish lloyds bank have a duty of care so I've made a complaint around the 30th complaint to this disgraceful company that calls it self a "bank" my phone went for repair for the rear camera which my keys scratched it and was also billed for a replacement screen so I still went ahead as it was 1 week without a phone and just wanted my phone back at that point so I've contacted citizens advice etc and they said to speak to my bank and fill a redentant which I tyred and all I got we don't care kinda answer so I've tryed and unsuccessful but that's typical lloyds they are good enough to charge me interest on my savings account WITHOUT MY PERMISSION at the moment I'm not succeeding to getting £108 back which the screen cost me as I bought the contract thinking it was brand new and the screen hasn't been replaced since the day of purchase if lloyds bank don't want to help and that's fine it's only going to make me move bank and wreck this disgusting company and the reputation they have if they have one they can keep crediting my account and bribing me with money but it's not going to stop me destroying this company also I will be closing me account down and moving to barclays there loss my gain
            

                I've been a Lloyds customer for 45 years (an achievement in itself). After the death of my dear wife in 2000 I was persuaded to invest some capital with Lloyds Private Banking. At that point LPB maintained a local office and my personal fund manager was just a phone call or email away. Home visits to discuss my portfolio were routine, enjoyable and constructive.  The home visits then stopped and a number of different fund managers followed who had no real idea who I was. The local office was then closed and everything devolved to a more regional office - albeit with a phone number to contact my fund manager of the day (no email). The service has now devolved still further to a Head Office based in Bristol  where contact is with a Relationship Associate who does not know me at all. There is no email service and phone calls are on an 0845 number when you can get through. On the occasion I did make contact the Associate was unable to give me advice on a critical issue and promised a return call. No call was made and I had to communicate with a letter. Lloyds Private Banking claim to provide a 24/7 service but I have no evidence of this. My LPB current account gathers zero interest but there are no bank charges. There are a few perks - free travel insurance, cheap AA membership, mobile phone and card protection. I cannot transfer my account freely to another Lloyds account. Worst of all there is no on-line access to my LPB Portfolio. In this respect Lloyds are living in the dark ages and can only provide paper based reports twice a year. This is frankly useless in what is now a fast moving connected modern world.My LPB Managed Portfolio is converting slowly to Select ISA using the maximum yearly allowance for this. Consequently the Lloyds Managed Account is reducing in size but the bank charges as a % of the Managed Account have increased to over 2%. The % charge for all assets is flat at around 1.25%. Essentially - the bank takes all my dividend on which I have to pay tax. Nice deal for the bank. This is a big slice of the action - but for what? Growth in simple terms has been around 5-6% pa over the past 4 years. Not exactly earth shattering. I've had enough. This weekend I have applied to transfer my current account to Santander Bank (branch just down the road). With advise from an independent  financial adviser known to the family for several generations (did well for my mum and dad) - I will be transferring out my LPB Portfolio as soon as possible. In this way I will have control of my financial affairs. Goodbye Lloyds Bank.  Shame on you.
            

                For work, I live outside of the UK about half the year. Now, I've moved away and will not be back in the UK for about 4 months. I wanted to transfer some money into my current (local) bank account -- but they won't let me. I've spend so much time (and money, in overseas calling credit!) trying to get access to my own money.. But the only way they say they can fix this is if I show up, in person, at the branch where I opened my account. Which is impossible for me at the moment (unless they're willing to refund my flights to the UK...) Terrible service, stupid attitude of the help desk, and no word of explanation of WHY this is happening. I find this completely unacceptable, as because of this I will actually need to borrow money to pay rent and get food. I will most definitely change banks as soon as I am back in the UK, and will not be coming back to Lloyds.
            

                Don't even touch this bank, just tried sorting my online banking over the phone which costs a bomb,Well what a waste of time didn't get anywhere plus sounded like she wanted to go home. Going to leave this horse manured bank and go somewhere else!
            

                What an absolute shambles!!!! Never have I had so many problems with one company! And no matter how many times you bring to their attention about how poor their service is, it continues to plummet!! I have SUFFERED countless phone calls after phone calls about being over promised, being told something would happen not once, twice but on the third time of chasing them on more than one occasion about a matter on my account which was not then addressed, money was taken from my account when it shouldn't have, they reduced my ISA interest rate without telling me, NEVER update their systems or notes and the worst of it..... The staff!!! They are either employing monkeys, which I feel is a detriment to the staff in itself as they all come across ever so nicely, or they have no idea about company structure, procedures and TRAINING!! Never have I been told so many things by the same organisation; I quote 'you can't reduce your overdraft through internet banking', to be told later that I can; 'we will change your address for you so that you can apply for utilities', and then they don't; 'you can't close an account over the phone it has to be in branch', yes in fact you can; 'I wasn't told that I wouldn't be protected on insurances whilst I have to wait for them to refresh', to be told 'well I'm telling you now' when it's too little too late! The list is endless but in my frustration I can't think of them all. Over the past year it has been nothing but agro, and after they palm me off from making a formal complaint with£75 this bull is still happening! Never have I ever dealt with such an unprofessional company! And I've been with them for 15 years! Maybe all of the policies and trained staff followed TSB??
            

                I had a very bad experience with lloyds bank. I tried to open a small business bank account and i wouldn't recommend anyone to open a business account in lloyds. I set my bank account on November 2014 and they said my bank will be open within a week. After a week i received my card and check book etc. I thought my business account is open so i went to the bank to put some money in the business account. Then the guy said my account is blocked i asked him what was the problem he said he didn't know. He said give me ur number i ll contact you tell you what's the issue with that account. I gave him my number came back. 1 week went bt nobody rang me so i went to the bank again and found out the guy who made my account he moved somewhere else.so i told other business staff what happened he said they need some more details so i provided all the details then they said they will ring me and let me know if my bank account open or not. Then nobody rang me so after 1 week i went to the bank again then they said give it another week and come back hopefully it will be open by then. 19 January Monday i went to the bank again i told them i provided all the details they need bt its been 2 weeks i didn't get any confirmation yet. Then they asked me for my  number again they said they will speak to the guy who made my account and let me know whats going on and guess what nobody rang me so im really disappointed and planning to go another bank. I wouldn't recommend  anyone to go to this bank.  Its been probably 3 months  or more and my business account is still blocked. This bank is nightmare for business accounts. I will never go to that bank again......
            

                Have had a terrible experience with Lloyds Bank trying to open a small business account and I would urge any start up business to look elsewhere for their banking. I set up the account on December 4th and they have still not sent out the paper work. I have gotten numerous calls trying to give me an unwanted loan or other services, but nothing on the account that I want to open. They're customer service line is terrible, I have been on hold on the phone for 25 minutes now and spent ages on hold yesterday before giving up as I was so busy. I will certainly be taking my business elsewhere and will recommend any other business do too.
            

                You know you have to change banks when a transfer that usually takes 3-4days isn't done weeks later and then you get told "we are sorry but we lost your money, the sender has to fill in a non-receipt form and get the money back, then try transferring it again", so they're taking a charge for the first transfer, and taking another charge for the second one because they "lost" your money.....
            

                I have tried several times to order a cheque book on line through self service as instructed by Lloydstsb but everytime I am informed that the service is not available. I can't even email the bank !!!!Thank god I have an alternative to this bank as I also use Santander  :)
            

                Incompetent managers, unprofessional and the worst experience of my business career take my advice do not bank with this lot it will only end up in tears. I escaped to Santander and they are at the other end of the spectrum not had any issues at all, they're cheaper and their business managers are exactly that and very professional. Save yourself all that grief and take on board what people on here are saying.
            

                I have been trying for a month now to get a response from them about a problem I have.  I have written three letters and sent five emails and have not had a single response to any of them other than the standard email promising a contact within five days which hasn't happened!  I don't think I have ever experienced such poor customer service as this - I will be changing banks asap as they clearly don't care at all!  Avoid at all costs!
            

                Worst ever service I have ever received.a bunch of incompetent people all gathered under one name.:Lloyds,
            

                Been with Lloyds for about 6 years (current account, mortgage, credit card and savings), over the last 6 months had some poor experiences which has led be to transfer away my accounts:- Mysteriously sent my new debit card to an address I haven't lived at for 5+ years, so was without a card for almost two weeks. Spoke with customer services over the phone about where my new card was and they confirmed it had been sent to old address, and I needed to go into a branch to update my address. Even had the cheek to say I must have forgotten to change it, even though I explain to them they had been sending letters to me for 5 years for 5 different accounts to my current address. Anyway had to go into a branch, changed my address back and asked for an explanation on how this could have happened. After about 30 mins of various staff input I was just told it must have been a computer glitch that caused it, they could see an entry on my details showing my address had just switched back to an old one a few months back (scary)- Bought a new house and got a new mortgage. New mortgage provider wanted to see some bank statements to confirm something (been paperless and online banking for years, so don't have any), I had to provide them same day for various reasons. Went online to print the statements off, but for some reason the pdf would not print with the logo and top summary details (mortgage company wouldn't accept this as a valid bank statement). Went to the nearest Lloyds branch and explained I needed a printed copy of my last two statements urgently and was told this is something they couldn't do in a branch.- Never used a cheque in a long long time but I had too recently to pay a Council Bill to a department that would only accept cheques. I probably had a cheque book at some point but no idea where. Was in a situation where I needed to hand in the form + cheque to the Council same day, so went into the nearest Lloyds branch to get them to make me out the two cheques I needed from my account. I was told I needed to pay £20 per cheque for this service, basically for 10 seconds work and a small piece of paper. Being charged £40 to get money out of my account, when I was only trying to pay £90. Ended up ordering a new cheque book instead which took 10 days to come (even though the bank said half that), so got a friend to write me a cheque after 5 days.- Tried to make a new online fast payment but the system wouldn't let me setup the transfer, normally would just try again later but really needed to transfer the money. The error message that came up said "Please ring xxxxx number or go into a branch", was too late for a branch visit so rang up. Only to be told I hadn't activated the "telephone banking option" for my account (even though I was on a phone speaking to someone about my account, and passed some security questions). To enable this option would take a few days because they need to post something and they couldn't help me make any transfers until then.To add to those specifics I find waiting times when ringing them quite long (also no Freephone numbers), the staff in branch are briefed to try and get you using self service machines (hate them) and their online banking security is second class now compared to other banks.
            

                Tried to set up a charity account, they took 6 months and we haven't got it!!!!Terrible service, avoid!!
            

                If I could give zero stars I would. The worst customer service I've ever had, and that is really saying something when compared to some of the utility and cable companies over the years!I've just accepted a package to leave work, after 27 years hard work, but a a few glitches sorting out the payments by HR as an internal deadline was missed. A delay of a month. I thought just to be on the safe side I'd better warn Lloyds. I asked for a short term overdraft, just in case, should be fine but just to be on the safe side. The guy in the branch had to work from a computer which had already decided 'no'. I explained the large five figure amount coming into my account in the next month or so, the annuity that would be paid monthly in future as part of the agreement, the central London property I owned worth a high six figure amount, that I shouldn't even need to go overdrawn. The poor guy dealing with it, I felt so sorry for him, just said if it were his decision he would allow me the overdraft facility, but he's not allowed, the computer said 'no'. Even before I told him any of the facts.After over 30 years as a customer, I felt like at the point I needed Lloyds to be in my corner, a stupid computer programme ruled and  common sense was ignored. The facts were irrelevant, the computer says 'no'. It was like a surreal scene out of Little Britain as I sat in the recently refurbished bank branch with all shiny desks and designer chairs. Is this Lloyds response to the government bail out, a computer system to make all the decisions?I've already starting looking around for another bank…..lazy, lazy and sloppy…..
            

                I am fed up complaining to Lloyds bank about issues and when I do they DO NOTHING other than make excuses. I complained about waiting 25 mins at my branch to be served and was promised a call back. NOTHING HAPPENED, When I told them £330 had gone missing they would do nothing for 7 days. I had to telephone the post office (where the money was paid in) as Lloyds bank REUSED TO. I have banked with them for 40 years. MORE FOOL ME! I am now going to find another bank who knows what customer service actually means. I spent 1.5 hours on the phone over this issue and got NOWHERE.
            

                If you have an account with them, and you're paying a high interest rate. They'll keep increasing the rate until you can't afford it any more. If you ask for help, they will only say 'NO'. If you keep asking for help, they will send the police to your house. They're worse than useless. They're a liability. If I can't trust them with my debt; I certainly won't trust them with my money.
            

                Lloyds TSB - the worst customer service. The business manager is not confident or qualified enough to look after the business account (which has been blocked for the last 10 days in ‘unknown reason’ and no in/out payments are going through), funny enough that the we are paying ‘service charge’  We spent 10 days by trying to get an answer from the bank via phone and branch visit…………… until now we have the ‘same’ reply that someone will contact us tomorrow (which never happened yet) Strongly not recommending to open business account with Lloyds TSB
            

                My son died in a car accident. For two weeks been trying to sort out his bank account, made four trips to the branch. The last one today and nothing was done simply because nobody was capable to deal with it.
            

                If I could give 'zero' stars I would!!! Friday evening did a transfer from my Lloyds account to Nationwide of £3k. It got stopped by fraud. It took over an hour and eight different people to sort it out!! Absolutely appalling service!!! I'm moving my accounts...
            

                I am just giving up. Being banking with them for over 4 yrs never not even once received a decent customer service. Got some compensation regarding a complaint it has been 10 working days, 4 trips to the bank, several phones calls some rude agent on the phone yesterday and still no bank statement. Going back tomorrow to close my account , just have enough.
            

                I am so annoyed and disgusted with lloyds bank that I will never ever bank with them again and would advise people to avoid them. They are unreliable and untrustworthy and there is 0% transparency.  Please avoid them for your own good.  If I could I would give them a - star or no star after banking with them over 10 years and feeling this way is just unforgettable.
            

                I have applied for business account about 2.5 month ago, receveid cheque book, welcome pack, payin book. After that applied for sage payment gate way to charge customer but account doesnot work. contacted 20 times, every time demands new thing. Thing they have demanded "avoid them"1. Sign on blank paper and send it to us, Reason not give. Sent but they said did not receive. "Avoid them if you want to save your business"2. Ask why account is not working, Replied doing compliance check FOR ALMOST 2.5 MONTH'S.  "Avoid them at all possbile cost"3.Phone to their customer support they said "we cannot give you the specialist team number they are very busy, Our team will contact you with in 48 hours nobody contact me. Therefore beaware from lloyd bank and avoide them.4. At the end when i spoken to their customer support, and ask why they are taking too much time, it is affecting my business. If you donot want to open the account you should tell me at the begning i should somewhere else. Amazing reply "I can Say anything"For most of question their support team say we can't replyThis bank don't care about the customers so beaware and avoid them.At the end bank send me a letter and suggest if i want to close my account i should close it  after give big head ache of  2.5 month's.Now spoken today and got angry with them, now they said they have closed the account. avoid this bank if you are genuine business holder. Please read the below comment same thing they done with many business man.
            

                I am launching a business. I started the application at the beginning of February. It is now June and still the account has not been opened.I cannot start my business without this account being open.I am a straightforward and low risk customer: I don't want to borrow money, I have another full time job in finance, I've given all the necessary documentation, I've been in into a branch twice to talk to them and still nothing. Customer service = non event. I suggest Barclays Business as an alternative - it is much more professionally run.
            

                I'm in trouble abroad despite I did precise in which country I was heading to, can't get any money out there because of Lloyds TSB. On top of this, customer service is awful and their security check hilarious !! Don't lose your time with Lloyds, just don't !!!
            

                I have had my Lloyds under 19 account for quite some time now. Staff always helpful and also every branch I have been into always has a nice easy layout. Mobile and Internet banking is secure and very well laid out. Could not fault.
            

                4th April phoned up to open a business account. Told application takes 45 minutes. Started application, after giving some basic info, told someone will ring me back within 48 hours.I tried going into the Branch to see if they could open it any quicker, they said someone would ring me on 7th with an appointment - no one did. No one phoned back from the telephone new business account department either. 9th April phoned up to ask where my phone call was, was told to wait another 48 hours. Hung up and phoned up again and got a different person who put me through to  a woman to open my account.Did the application. 45 minutes later. Was then told that I cannot get a debit card unless I have been trading for 6 months! When I asked how I can run an online business without a debit card, I was advised I can get money out at the branch! She couldn't understand what the problem was.Was told mandate would be posted out to be delivered within 3 working days, and once posted back my account will take 5 working days to open.3 working days passed, nothing. Phoned again and they couldn't find my application under my post code. In the end they found it under my name. Was told someone would ring me back with an update.I went into the Branch again and tried to see if they knew anything or could open the account there. They said someone would ring me back the next day with an appointment. Its now been 4 working days, and no ones phoned me back.I phoned the telephone business new account line again, as no one phoned me back. Was once again told no application. They found it again in the end, they had 2 applications for me and one was under the wrong business name.Passed me through to someone to deal with the change in business name and as to why i haven't received my mandate. I explained that I have had problem after problem. They told me that there is no record of me ringing up on 4th April, even though the last guy did.They couldn't understand why I was annoyed and kept saying that my account would be opened within 14 days of me posting the mandate back to them and then another 5 working days to receive everything. No one had told me this when I did the application. I was told I would of had the account 5 days after the mandate was received back.All they could do was repeat that my account wouldn't be opened until the middle of May. When I asked how I can run a business without the bank account I was told tough and that is how they work. I was then offered to be put through to the complaints department, but they're really busy. Due to how awful this bank is, their complaints department was too busy to pick up the phone. I've now been told someone will ring me back from there within 48 hours. I doubt they will.I haven't even got my account opened with them yet and they have given me a worse service than any other bank. I'm really not sure if I want to use them anymore, I was only using them because a friend works for them. I'm definitely going elsewhere and will never be using Lloyds again.
            

                Despite  speaking to several  operatives at their call centre no-one was ableto give accurate information about a C & G account I wanted to close . Even on the dedicated  number they coudn't deal with my enquiry properly. Googled & found a local contact number & spoke with TSB branch direct . Can't see the point of call centres staffed with people who lack key knowledge about their own products!
            

                I was with LLoyds for 6 years, every time I went into the branch they offered to help save me some money, after eventually accepting the interview it turned out that they were only interested in selling me a silver upgrade account and various insurances. When I refused the lady got rather annoyed and started to go through my accounts to try and find reasons why I couldn't be trusted to look after my own finances....i'm being serious...when she couldn't find anything I had to promise to come back in when I had more time by agreeing a date. I let this one go but when I was late with one payment on my credit card (I was on holiday and first time I missed in 6 years) they decided to put my interest rate up. When I contacted LLoyds the lady was very arrogant with me. Apparently one of the reasons that drove them to this decision was that I also gamble and so I am a risk....I play the lottery online twice per week ! At this point I closed all my accounts. By the way, the in branch customer service is the slowest thing I ever experienced.
            

                The worst bank i ever dealt with- seems like they employ only retards. Slowest service in Europe. I had just switched my 3 accounts to another bank
            

                Be aware if your circumstances will change in future,because Lloyd's bank will close yours account straight away. You never know what can happen next day or next month. It's doesn't matter how long you are with the Lloyd's bank if they don't like your income or your circumstances or maybe your credit score rating goes down for any reason,Lloyd's will close your account and don't say you why...
            

                I was travelling and there wasn't enough funds in one of my accounts to make the direct debits I have set up when I was away.  My error, undoubtedly.However, one would have thought that in the 21st century, an email or call may have been in order, but no, Lloyds sends out letters for each direct debit that hadn't been paid, oh and then charges you a fee and a daily penalty. Doesn't help when you are away for over a month !!     But that's only part of the story.....What has really irked me is that sure, this account didn't have enough funds, however, my other account with  Lloyds, same branch, same name, opened on the same day, had over £70,000 sitting in it.Wouldn't anyone with even half a brain think "hello, there's £70,000 sitting in this account, lets cover the direct debits (£300 in TOTAL!!!) by placing a temporary overdraft facility on the account" ?    Obviously not.This is pathetic and shows how even in the era of instantaneous communication, Lloyds just hasn't got it.   After contacting them and filing a complaint through the Financial Ombudsman, I spoke with Lloyds, but the lady I spoke to said that it wasn't Lloyds policy to call or email a client when this happens (why?) and don't see it as their responsibility to even check that a client has another account that could easily cover a temporary overdraft facility.Pathetic !!   Customer service?  I don't think so.
            

                I have been a customer with LLoyds bank for over 3 years now, my account is paperless, hence i ordered for online statement which is suppose to take 5 working days according to what is said on the website, but it has been 6 working days and no statement has arrive. To add to this the customer service people does not know when it will be delivered, they just said that we have dispatched it and royal mail has not delivered it, but am i a customer of royal mail or lloyds??? I had a interview due for which i needed these documents and thanks to you guys that because of your unreasonable delay i have not been able to submit my required document. Is this how the customers are treated??? and Is this how such a well-known bank do not hold any responsibility for the delay???
            

                Although sometimes they like blocking my card.Can't fault them cos is sucurity issue when system sees unusual transaction on your account,like one day i've withdrawed a large amount of cash and next day i couldn't pay by my card as it was blocked,apart of a bit of stress its all good,never have problem with customer suport or dealing with my local branch its all good.It my couse you a bit of a headache as when you travel abroad and finding yourself in a position where you cant use you card cos bank decided to block temporary your foreign transactions.Keep it up a good work. Well done Lloyds so far.
            

                Business account address changes so called the call centre, they said I was to print a form off the website, complete, sign and post it in. Done. After 3 weeks STILL no change in address! I go into the branch. The very helpful assistant offered to assist as she could see on the system that the form was "in progress". She changed the details on the system and confirmed same. The change was obviously reversed or blocked.Card reader then packs up. I call the call centre they say order online and it will take 7-10 days for delivery. When you rely on internet banking you cannot even check your balance without a card reader. "Solution"...says the call centre - "you need to go into a branch to do any banking or find out your balance". Voila..more time wasting!NOW 5 weeks later..no card reader and no address change!! Called the call centre again. Card reader was sent out to the old address. I go to the old address 30 minutes drive either way..no card reader! I call the call centre once again...they re-order a card reader and told me it will be delivered in 7-10 days AND I must complete a form off the internet, sign it and post it to them to change the address. I wonder where the card reader will go if they take over a MONTH to change a business address!!! SHOCKING - pure incompetence and tax payers are paying for this level of service? This is 1st world banking from the loss making bank of the year (2011)? C'mon Lloyds what ever happened to normal business process and seeing a request through to completion?You sit on our money, we don't owe you a cent but if we need anything it's got to be redone over and over and over again...this is not banking - this is plain pathetic. If you were my employee you would have been fired ages ago for incompetence!
            

                they call it progress!!i dontfed up with them
            

                like it says.. they are reliable and trustworthy. I have never had problems with security on their online website, which is the most important thing whilst online banking. the only reason why i have marked them down a star is because sometimes, temporarily, the online site will crash and wont let you into your online page. This has dissapointed me a few times as I have tried to check my balance at a very important time (ie when direct debits had come out and i needed to check my balance) and could not log in.apart from this very good!
            

                The Lloyds TSB website is very cool looking and so easy to use.  I would really like Lloyds to make an app for the Windows 7 phone, so I can do basic functions like balance checking and making payments / transfers using my phone.
            

                I applied for the Lloyds TSB Airmiles Duo Credit Card Account and have been told I was approved (through the rewards website) but I have received nothing from them.
            

                The online banking service is fantastic and deserves a 5 star rating. Customer service staff are really nice but getting things done falls short hence the reason for only giving a 3 star rating.  Had assurance that a DD that had left my account would be returned to me within 24 hours.... that was last Friday and I am still waiting for the money to appear, no notes on my account of me ever having been in touch with them either?  It will be interesiting to see if they are going to heap charges on my account???  Not a happy bunny...............
            

                I opened my first account with LloydsTSB as a naive teenager. I simply wanted a current account in which to pay my wages. Little did I know that the underhanded member of staff had signed me up for a select account that would cost me over £10 per month. Having realised this, I returned to the bank and asked him to change it. "Sorry, the computers are down, come back next week" he lied.The following week, I returned: "Sorry, the computers are still down." It took me a month to change to a current account.Some years later, I approached LloydsTSB about a student overdraft. The member of staff told me: "We don't do student overdrafts any more. Instead, we offer these interest-free student credit cards." It sounded just as good, so I signed up. "I'll just add the payment protection. It'll only cost you 1 penny per month," she lied. I accepted that too.3 months later I received a bill for my credit card with huge interest and £15 additional charges for payment protection. I immediately complained, but was told "you misunderstood. It's only interest free on purchases for 3 months". I tried to cancel the payment protection and the staff simply refused to do it, giving me numbers to call instead.Trying to sort any issue out over the phone is near impossible as they outsource their call centres and staff cannot understand or speak fluent English. Having got into debt over my credit card (the bane of my life) LloydsTSB started harrassing me, calling me as early as 8am and as late as 10pm every single day, including Sundays. They disregarded everything I said and just continued to harrass me. I also came to realise that they had make a big error with my Experian report, which prevented me from getting debt help. I tried several occasions to get them to fix this error, but the branch staff refused to help and the call centre staff didn't understand. Many of them lied to me saying "it will be fixed" or "we can't fix it, you have to do it yourself". In the end, I had to go via a solicitors in order to get this issue sorted.As far as I'm concerned, this company is corrupt and sleazy, with the same moral code I would expect from drug dealers or snake oil salesmen.
            

                Online banking with their website is easy.
            

                I have a current account with them & I cant fault the customer service staff at the bank at all. I'd give them 5 stars if it werent for the fact that they pay the top dogs at Lloyds oversized bonuses & pay pathetic interest on there accounts to customers with good credit!


                Customer of 30 years shut out of account and asked where money putting into account coming from.  No apology.  Not interested in making apology.Big Brother is already here!  Disgusting.  I will be taking my money elsewhere and advise EVERYONE  to bank elsewhere.  Mind you when you go in bank can hear the echo - very few staff or customers.  Perhaps they have been treated the same.  NO CUSTOMER CARE.
            

                Two of my friends who just moved to London asked me which bank they could use and I suggested Lloyds because their application looked pretty simple, I now regret it so much! We did the application online, pretty simple, we went to the branch in Piccadilly Circs and that's where our nightmare started! One the employers reviews the proof of address which is the employer's letter and she says very rudely that it's not good, we needed to put a date in there and an address confirmation, I ask her then if there's anything else I need to know and she says that it will be ok after that. So promptly my friends go to the employers and fix the problem, we go back to the same branch and again one of the employers tells us that there's a problem and again we need to fix the letter, we took 3 times before we would even get their attention properly and they would finally explain to us all things which must be done correctly. I hope this review will be seen by someone in Lloyds that will be able to take the right disciplinary actions against the employers in that branch and perhaps replace them with someone who really cares about customers, but of course from now on I will not recommend anyone this bank an I will advise friends and relatives to do not keep an account in Lloyds.
            

                Jane based in leeds through the phone banking, couldn't of been any more helpful. Well done Lloyd's. Lovely lady talked me through all the right steps I'd need to take to sort myself out 5*
            

                An absolute disgrace. They've decided to charge me an unplanned over draft fee when I'm not even over drawn. Every single time I've had a problem with money being taken out, lost or problem with the bank, I've always had some cocky guy down the phone. So F you lloyds, I'm changing banks you're a terrible company and need to employ people with actual communication skills. Absolutely disgusting. Hope yous rot in hell.
            

                Lloyds have decided to block my current account and I am unable to use it or make any payments without going into a branch with photo ID.  I spoke to the Fraud section assuming that this was a security problem but they told me they had not put a marker on my account.  Back to the helpdesk and they were unable to offer any explanation other than my account hadn't been used much recently.  This is rubbish, my account has been  used as frequently as ever. My past experience of Lloyds leads me to believe this is another ploy to get me into the branch so one of their awful bank staff can give me the aggressive sales pitch that Lloyds employ on their customers.  I will be moving banks next week - to a provider most people seem to be moving to now and who seem to manage to be successful without using these underhand techniques.  I am not surprised to learn that Lloyds is the most complained about bank.
            

                So I joined Lloyds Bank 2 months ago having previously banked for 30 years with Santander. Now I'm regretting changing.  In the last two months there have been a catalogue of mistakes made by this bank and I'm truly shocked at how bad it is as I thought Lloyds were a reputable business. Staff are incompetent and each time I have called them to fix a problem I get conflicting advice from each advisor, which then turns out to be wrong. My numerous calls to their customer helpline have equated to up to 4 hours worth of phone costs as you wait 10 minutes on hold to be answered  before  half an hour further wait whilst you're passed from one department to another as no-one seems to be able to help with the simplest of problems. I have been compensated each time which is fair enough but this simply seems to be so they can close the complaint down as in their opinion it's been resolved, this is all well and good but the mistakes keep happening one after another!!   I opened the account online and at the same time applied for an overdraft. All went through fine. Then two days before the switch I receive a letter from Lloyds telling me that I've gone into an unauthorised overdraft and will be charged. My account hasn't even gone live yet!! When I questioned this they said the £17 charge per month for the account had already been taken and as I don't have an overdraft this results in a fee.  I explained I had applied and been accepted for an overdraft at the time of setting up the account they checked and established the overdraft had indeed been applied for but not been processed possibly due to a "glitch on the website at the time".   I was compensated and an apology given.  I then had to call repeatedly to ask for my welcome pack and insurance policy details - after the third call I was compensated again and three weeks after the account going live I finally received my information pack. I applied for a cheque book which never arrived. I then stupidly changed my name to my married name and needed my cards updated to reflect this. This request seemed to be beyond their skill set as two new cards were issued to me with the wrong details on. After me chasing this finally at least one account card was sent with the correct details on. The card to my second account  however never arrived and when I chased this they stopped all my cards which left me stranded in central London with no access to funds!!  At the time of the call the operator assisting me seemed so incompetent I double checked the right card was being cancelled and she assured me that was the case three times. Hey presto 6 hours later no cards linked to my account will work.  I now have to wait 5 days to get access to new cards and my funds.  Absolutely disgusting level of incompetence. After just 8 weeks with them I'm closing my account and moving to a proper bank. Don't bother with them!!
            

                I found the service quite ridiculous to be honest.I was referred by a friend and applied online for the Avios rewards credit cards. In spite of a spotless credit history and other card applications going through swiftly with other banks, I was told that I had to pop in to a local branch to show my ID. Sure, fine. The email stated that I could come in with my EU issued driving licence. At my local branch (Cabot sq., Canary Wharf) my EU licence was declined because "it's not a photocard". Unfortunately my government will not change the format of their driving licences just to please Lloyds Bank. I was told to come back with my passport. Needless to say I will do no such thing, and will set out to find a friendlier bank to spend money with.
            

                Fraud happened on my account in 2015.  Unauthorised transactions via debit card.  On the day I found out, I made 17 phone calls to the bank.  Nothing was done.  The fraud continued.  Two days later I got through to the fraud department, and immediately after completing security the phone was put down on myself.  The fraud continued.  I made a lot of calls to them during this period about the situation.  But nothing was done, and the fraud continued.  I had one woman, when I asked her to cancel the direct debit card and issue a new one, say that she was not going to do what I want "in case I complained about her doing what I was asking for" - figure that out.  I had one from Scotland tell me that I was obnoxious among other things.  Only to be later shame faced  when I had yet again gone through their security process to only be refused again.  He said in a much lowered voice "I know" when I told him that I had been refused again.  The trouble is that they kept on saying I needed to go through security for them to deal with the situation, but even if I went through security they still did not do anything.  I also have recordings I made of myself passing security.  They then decided to raise the bar.  Now I needed to go into a branch and supply a photo id, something to which they had not asked for before.  Also during the course of this one of their staff decided to accuse myself of being aggressive and using threatening behaviour.  Despite the facts being presented to lloyds that a) if I was being these things then why when the woman left the room did she come back b) she cut the interview short saying I needed to come back in the afternoon and see the manageress of the branch c)when I did reappear in the afternoon she had not the faintest of who I was or why I was there - does this sound like someone who had been threatened and abused by myself in the morning.  Surely you would instantly recognise the tormentor especially after only three hours had passed.  I recently took them to a small claims court to recover what they claim they would definitely refund - at least in their literature.  They completely missed the 14 deadline to defend their position.  But have since, once they got a default notice judgement and to pay all the money immediately assigned a solicitor to the case.  They are coming out with the same crap.  i had not passed security, that I was aggressive and threatening to one of their staff etc.. interestingly, even though they are supposed to be explaining why they missed the 14 deadline to respond they are instead trying to influence a stay of judgement through what they claim has happened - no mention of why they missed the deadline.  If they do somehow fool the judge and this does go to a small claims court I would like to hear them explain away the recordings and the behaviour of threat woman who accused myself of being aggressive and threatening.
            

                Went into this supposedly internationally well know bank to do two things….. we asked to draw out some cash from our Australian ANZ bank account.  After asking and producing a photo driver’s licence as identification – we were summarily dismissed and asked for Passports – which were locked away in safe in the hotel – we were then refused any cash by the teller – and told to use the ATM outside.    We then wanted to trade in a couple of “old” five pound notes – but were told that we could not do this as we had NO account there --- duhhhhhhh --- we were from Australia!    So thanks for nothing Lloyds- we will not deal with you again – our British friends and family who (currently anyway) have accounts with you were shocked and disappointed to hear how we were treated.
            

                I would give them zero stars if I could. The staff at the branch in London were very rude, useless and I decided to change banks. It's quite funny really as my monthly wage is the equivalent of at least 20 standard customers. Lots of business lost there because of your staffs lack of social skills.
            

                Have banked with Lloyds for 18 years. Had my student account with them. Until recently I held my current, joint current, personal savings, joint savings, ISA, credit card, mortgage and children's savings accounts.Due to appalling service over the last year (and really since the split with TSB) I have closed the joint account, both savings, the ISA and the credit cards. I will be closing the children's savings soon, the mortgage when the term finishes (in 7 months) and finally my current account when all the rest is sorted.The online service is stuck in the 20th Century. It regularly fails and always at a weekend, conveniently not to inconvenience business customers. Their fraud department is over zealous on safe transactions but struggles to identify real fraud. I used to travel to Japan a lot, I had informed them of this, but every time I tried to book a plane ticket (no more than £800) the fraud department would flag it up.The call centre staff have been getting progressively ruder, snottier and incapable of helping. To be fair they're probably fed up of being on the receiving end of annoyed customers due to their company's inability to function.The branch staff are no better. The final straw was when I was attending a Japanese friend's wedding. I needed 5 ten pound notes to give as a gift and wanted to withdraw fresh notes as is the custom. The bank staff couldn't help, were completely unsympathetic and offered no attempt at a solution. I was told "we can't do that, and the atms haven't been filled today so they won't have any." Unbelievable that a bank can't manage to scrounge up 5 flipping notes.They are a complete shower and stuck in the last century. Don't waste your time with them.
            

                Lloyds Bank have one of the best online Banking services but the worst customer care I have ever experienced in more than 40 years of Banking. As I type this they have kept me waiting 35 minutes and counting. What kind of complaints process forces the customer to stay on the phone whilst one department of the Bank talk to another. Sadly though I am sure Lloyds Bank don't care about my custom hopefully enough people will go to their competition and they will listen to the voice of the customer. I wish I could give zero stars.
            

                Much improved service and the website is now clearer
            

                I wish I could have given no stars! I used to bank with Lloyds until, in their wisdom, they sold off my branch to TSB. The Lloyds branch that I regularly used was West Kirby so they know my face.Today I called in to exchange 50 pennies from my granddaughter's money box for a 50p piece. I was asked if I was a Lloyds customer and explained that I had been moved to TSB. The "lady" behind the counter told me to go to TSB to do the transaction. I explained that the nearest TSB branch to me was in Flint in North Wales. She replied, with a smirk on her face, that there was a branch in Liverpool which is 12 miles away.I thanked her very much for all her help and left.How glad am I that I no longer belong to that awful organisation.
            

                I have just received mail they are sending my account to debt collection for £4.50p 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ Obviously an oversight but this is why a brain is sometimes needed . How can a small unarranged overdraft go so far??? And to make matters worse when I opened the account a few years back someone fraudulently spent £250 . This money 💰 got refunded 10 months later negatively effecting my banking credit score . They removed the overdraft availability and wouldn't add one back . I should never have opened this account
            

                We endured a very unsatisfactory holiday along with 89 other people.  Many of them did chargebacks on their debit cards and some were successful.  Lloyds however would not entertain our chargeback request saying we had not given them enough information although we offered to supply more information from the very beginning.  They have lost us a lot of money.  Totally useless.  Avoid this bank.
            

                Love that advert with the horse running around saving the world. What rubbish not mention of their part in the banking crisis. Ppi miss sold fee accounts and outrageous bonuses to the bosses.
            

                I have banked with Lloyds for over 40 years without any problems. But they have let themselves down since introducing there everyday offer con. This is just to let people know that Lloyds monitor all activities on your debit cards and if you use the same shops for your payments they will not appear in your everyday offers. But if you contact them they tell you they put alternate shops on you offers. This means you will not get any cash back on your card.
            

                I cashed a cheque for £250 and the stupid woman did something wrong and I am still trying to get my money. I am calling the police and going to the Coventry telegraph about this. Coventry high street stole my money.Do not touch this bank!! WARNING
            

                Gave me an increse on my credit card that I did not want,  then six weeks later I received a letter from lloyds bank informing me that the increase has been withdrawn because of information held with a company called call credit.Today, I have closed my savings account paid off the credit card and will be closing my current account within days.Will never return as a customer !
            

                Top in WORST banks!Snobbish, unethical and incompetant branch staffs. First, I am a customer but I was left feeling that I need to beg them to approve the opening of my account. Totally under informed and not trained to deal with expats and only follows so-called "Protocol/Database" that varies in the hands of different banking advisors at different branches.Poorly treated with unwelcoming attitute by a Personal Banking Advisor named "Loreta Cirkova" that raise her voice and telling me "Your are not listening Sir" when I am trying clarify the required documents that I was told sufficient proof for bank opening by the advisor over the telephone but declined in branch. FYI, the amount of my income tax alone is definately worth more than your monthly income. My housing rental is worth more than what you can afford for monthly dispoble. SORRY you just lost my business!But I must give credit to their friendly telephone-line advisor which I have to give credit for their patient and effort to understand my situation as an expat whom just relocated and in need to start a bank.
            

                Have had no trouble with lloyds bank - lloyds insurance however is a whole different story! It is impossible to get your problem dealt with. 2 days for a manager to call you back, 5 days for customer relations (apparently) to contact you. If you have a problem today - you need to deal with it today!!! This is motor insurance for goodness sake!!! It can't be left hanging for days on end leaving someone potentially uninsured for lloyds insurance errors!!!!  They are truly not interested if there is a problem - what a terrifying thought if you need to make a claim on your policy!!!!
            

                worst lloyds branch in the country I have ever been to ! They do not care about customer service at all. Lauren was standing in middle of branch when i came in and would not let me go to cashier kept talking and rudely replying that I do not know what i am doing, so bitchy. Avoid at all costs!!! Sutton branch deals same request within few minutes but Mitcham! Unbelievable. So rude.
            

                I've banked with Lloyds for 25 years so I'm in a position to inform people what they are getting involved with if they choose to bank with Lloyds...They were good at first but have rapidly gone down hill over the years whereby I would describe them as unethical, immoral and they have no interest in providing a service, they're just interested in getting your money and as much of it as they possibly can.I could go on but let me point out 3 of the most important points/ experiences I've had with these people and make upyour own mind...1. They allowed fraud to be committed on my account whereby £1600 of charity money went to a TSB account (their sister company) yet Action Fraud say they couldn't do anything because they could not get the details of the receiving bank. This is because Lloyds would not help. They neither refunded and did not respond to a written complaint. They obviously do not care about the suffering that has been caused to abused animals as a result of this money going missing 2. They left me stranded abroad and would not help even though it was their mistake they stopped my account. I had to use my return ticket to fly back and sort the problem out because they left me with literally zero money. They offered me £50 compensation. Again, they couldn't care less.3. They hard sell and I opened a new account elsewhere so I could bank in peace.  One of their employees who was trying to sell me insurance took me into a room and gave me the story of how her niece died of cancer and that yes, cancer does affect people my age to get me to buy the policy! There is a distinct difference between the working practices of Lloyds and my main bank First Direct. Just the way Lloyds manage bank accounts and your transactions is all tailored to cream as much money from you as possible.First Direct do not do this.Today myself and two business friends have closed our accounts because of this and as a result lloyds have lost £500k between us and I will continue to inform people what Lloyds has done.Don't make the mistake banking with Lloyds. I guarantee you will regret it.
            

                have been with Lloyds for a number of years and whilst in the beginning they seemed to be ahead of most of the pack - no cumbersome gadget to do online banking, jazzy app - they have now downgraded their services to that of late 19th century. Pretty much EVERYTHING requires you to go to the branch - seriously?? I have had accounts since late 90's that did not require this. They have also taken away the secure messaging function; something EVERYONE offers. They either want you to call them (really not worth a bother, I promise you - things do not get done, or get half done, or get done wrongly and you have no trail to go back on) or actually revert to 19th century and go into branch. And even that you might have to actually do twice as not in all branches at all times there are people who can help you with complex stuff such as, I dunno, changing your home address. I had to make an appointment to actually do this in branch as the afternoon I popped in (and these "pop in" things also inevitably require time off work, yet to catch up on some of us also working Saturdays, how about at least one late night or early morning, chaps? Even Post Office and NHS surgeries offer this!!) I have just taken all the money from my account, moving to not exactly 21st century but at least late 20th century high street provider who don't want to drag me into bank or have me phoning for everyone - at least there is secure messaging section which pretty much sorts all individual issues one might have. And even cumbersome gadget can nowadays be replaced with TouchID or other security info. I shan't bother closing the one with Lloyds though, as that also requires you to call or go into branch. Oh, and forget about emailing them any other way either - they hide this info like off shore tax affair!!
            

                A decent bank but doesn't offer the same opportunity as ratesetter.com, where they give savers a £100 bonus after one year on any investment of £1000 or above. So with ratesetter, you are effectively getting a return of 10% on a £1000 investment, as well as the prevailing interest rate, which is way higher than you can get in a normal savings account. If you use the link below (replacing 'dot' with '.') you will get the £100 when you join: http://link(dot)ratesetter(dot)com/xkskxkv
            

                Lloyds Bank is great for club lloyds rewards. It allows me to choose from Cinema Tickets, Magazine subscription and even Gourmet membership.It used to be great with 4% interest, but now it has been slashed dramatically, still slightly better than other banks.However, today is probably my worst banking experience with Lloyds. It basically blocks all my genuine transactions online. I had to phone 4 times today regarding 4 separate payments. This is the only odd problem I have had with lloyds recently. Prior today, I have no problems regarding online payment bank transaction.To be fair, the customer service are friendly to resolve the issue.
            

                PROS: - Online banking is SO EASY TO USE compared to HSBC who really need to catch up- Customer service on the phone each time has been with someone WITHOUT a heavy accent so is easy to understand (Im from the UK)- Helpful customer service on the phone and accommodating.CONS:- they charge you a service fee each time your account goes below zero when they should give you a warning like HSBC would.Overall this bank (although not as popular as HSBC), has been by far a much easier bank to work with and is the 'modern' type of bank we all need to switch to :)
            

                My dad deposited money directly into my account and it took 2 weeks to come through. I was issued a refund from Groupon and  it took longer than 2 weeks to come through. The customer service was/is really really bad!
            

                I have not find such incapable bank staff in any other bank who even do NOT have any knowledge of what documents are needed for account opening.First of all, for simple task, they spent 10 min with one customer and you will puzzle when your turn will come. anyway, I have submitted documents after waiting in queue for 35 min in Lloyd bank branch for acc opening. Staff has done wrong scanning. Later I have visited again the branch and she has not even have clue of needed doc. 3 times I have visited branch now and again, got another letter saying that can I submit my resident card .Can not think of such staff of large bank !!
            

                Lloyds bank overdraft charges  should be challenged in court as they are grossly disproportionate.   Trying to challenge the bank over my cousins overdraft charges the bank will not refund any money as it keeps preaching the Supreme Court ruling which hasn't completely given clarification.  The Supreme Court roles in regards to bank charges that the office of fair trading had no right or jurisdiction to determine the fairness of charges.  Consumers were in titled to challenge banks under other criteria as the court rolled it as I say or charge was part of the service and the banks were in titled to the charge but this could be challenged under the under the terms consumer contract regulations 1999 .  This act has now been appealed and the consumer rights act 2015 which supersedes any challenges that was made within the court being the Supreme Court .  Consumers now can challenge and this act of parliament which is the consumer rights act 2015. SCHEDULE 2 unfair contract terms which may be regarded as unfair. The part that I am talking about is subsection 6 of the list below. PART 1 List of terms1A term which has the object or effect of excluding or limiting the trader's liability in the event of the death of or personal injury to the consumer resulting from an act or omission of the trader.2A term which has the object or effect of inappropriately excluding or limiting the legal rights of the consumer in relation to the trader or another party in the event of total or partial non-performance or inadequate performance by the trader of any of the contractual obligations, including the option of offsetting a debt owed to the trader against any claim which the consumer may have against the trader.3A term which has the object or effect of making an agreement binding on the consumer in a case where the provision of services by the trader is subject to a condition whose realisation depends on the trader's will alone.4A term which has the object or effect of permitting the trader to retain sums paid by the consumer where the consumer decides not to conclude or perform the contract, without providing for the consumer to receive compensation of an equivalent amount from the trader where the trader is the party cancelling the contract.5A term which has the object or effect of requiring that, where the consumer decides not to conclude or perform the contract, the consumer must pay the trader a disproportionately high sum in compensation or for services which have not been supplied.6 A term which has the object or effect of requiring a consumer who fails to fulfil his obligations under the contract to pay a disproportionately high sum in compensation.
            

                If i could, I would give even more starts to Lloyds Bank. I am with Lloyds Bank more than 5 years and i would not change my bank ever. Always kind, always very helpful and their customer service is absolutely excellent. Fraud or dispute with a supplier....Lloyds Bank was always here for me to help and they never let me down. Dear Lloyds Bank i am your massive fan!!
            

                Lloyds, You are shocking! You employ people who lack training, knowledge, and experience who are rude and arrogant. Despite being as thick as the proverbial Pig ****, My IQ was higher at 9years old that the alleged adult I spoke to. The idiot I dealt with is based in Coventry. Don't ask a question in their, their only hope of giving you the correct information is to Google it. Tried to do something their, the experience was terrible, abusive uneducated staff....so contacted RBS, got solution, outcome and result in 25 minutes flat! RBS made Lloyds look very stupid.  No that is a bit strong, RBS did a simple thing well, Lloyds were incapable.
            

                I choose a lloyds development loan to build our dream home after being advices by the branch manager that this would be a great way to do so. Lloyds would then change it over to a domestic mortgage once we complete the build.Since I had a default in my credit file, I wanted to make sure they still wanted to deal with us. "-no problem. Lloyds will look at your situation in a big picture and thus this will not affect you.", he said smiling and convincing.We took our savings, paid the deposit and got started.1 1/2 year, 3 branch managers later and with all our credit cards, savings emptied and additional funds borrowed from relatives (after recommendation to do so on advice by the bank (to finish build within estimated time), we completed the build. It was middle of July with holidays coming up.After the banker assured himself the build was complete, he said the bank would not offer a mortgage and would be looking to re-coup the build finance at earliest convenient. He then disappears on holiday for next 3 weeks.We didn't even have money left for food and had to borrow more from our relatives. The bank couldn't care less since they now had full security for their lending.The reason they couldn't keep the initial agreement was that they now claimed they didn't know about the default. I pointed out the document and that it was mentioned in a written pm by the manager. It's documented he knew. No difference. We had to sell.We did so to a very low price. Brought the issue to the ombudsman who acknowledged the evidences but said it was unlikely the bank would have done anything wrong and dismissed us.All plans for our entire family has since gone down the drain. Actually the whole life has done so.All because of lying bankers afraid to admit they've done wrong, be it because of changed policies or whatever, they lied and they know it while swing a family going under.Shame on mr NS who can live with this knowledge, shame on Lloyds who doesn't care, shame on FO who (financed by the banks) only look to cover their employers wrong doings, and shame on governments who allow such immunity to the entire financial system.My review? I wouldn't even bother to sum it up......
            

                After buying a vehicle which was promised full service history on my credit card I had to initiate a chargeback after 3 months due to the merchant lying through his teeth about the vehicle having it , I spent days preparing all the paperwork to email off , after I sent it off I had a letter saying case closed as they called the merchant and he said he has the service history there for me to uplift ( 4 months after the vehicle was purchased ) I tried to explain that this is a lie and can you try to enforce the delivery of the documents promised at the point of sale , they refused point blank and said due to the merchants statement on the phone the case is closed , I am now in the process of starting a formal complaint so I can then take it to the FOS once the complaint is processed Anyone with a shred of common sense would of saw through the car dealers lies about him having the service history at the garage ready for me 4 months after the vehicle was purchased , I think they look to do the minimal amount of work involved in investigations
            

                The amount of stress and time wasted in the calls with their robots is endless. I don't even remember all the flaws and issues I experienced with their phone service.Dumbest phone service I have ever experienced globally.
            

                Our local Lloyds branch in Coventry provide us with outstanding service but we have had a long running dispute with the Head Office over miss-selling, going all the way back to 2007. Their treatment of us has been quite dreadful and very dismissive, to the point of being rude, arrogant and very unfriendly. We have now taken our complaint to the Ombudsman, something that we never wanted to do, and once resolved we will I'm afraid be taking our business elsewhere. Why on earth would we want to stay?
            

                Account Reference: 11320567I am experiencing the following issue: I have been calling the out of hours team since my initial complaint on the 1st of October in Gran Canaria. I have been dealt with diabolically so far spoken to several people who have transferrred me to the Halifax? I have screen shotted all of my calls totalling over 5hours most of which occured in the canaries, i have been called a liar and a thief by complaints managers, had not one call returned. I have submitted payment to have my bank account notes released as i was advised there are offensive comments being left by your employees. We are now on the 20th october and nobody seems capable other than hanging up on me, terminating my calls, issuing me with final warnings, all the calls have been listened to, i called again last night and spoke with Luke Sanders who agreed the treatment was disgusting but then told me my attitude would not be tolerated and terminated my call. If i have attitude it is because i can prove your employees are no adequately trained have failed to deliver on assurances of call back then Luke refused to cover the cost of last nights call saying i was offered the option of a call back - in fact every call you listen to I have been assured a call back and it has to date never happened, therefore i chose not to believe this and stayed on the line and waited. I think it is perfectly understandable not to believe i would recieve a call back when you have listened to all of the calls.To action this I would like you to I would like you to train your staff sufficiently, inform them that customers can record all calls also and prove that they are dishonest and inform them leaving derogatory comments on a customers notes is not acceptable and only antagonises the situation further, if they had any common sense they would realise that we can obtain copies of all notes and comments recorded.I look forward to a response within 7 days of this correspondence.Please reply to my resolver email account as I would like to keep all of my communications in my personalised complaints case file.Yours faithfullyGary Whitehill I have forwarded you an email this morning in relation to last nights call with Luke Saunders. As stated in my earlier email with the call charges from calling you abroad three times for over four hours in total obviously had an effect on my data package, whilst I have to accept you still think me dishonest and a thief please see the above which will highlight along with the other screenshots you are in receipt of proving I am neither.
            

                Thanks to lloyds Debit card disputes department for their swift application of the 'chargeback' facility. After having money stolen by ToolAndFix.com one phone call to the bank yesterday afternoon put my mind at rest. This morning The Bank!! Gave me the money back less than 24 hours later. 'Chargeback' spread the word.
            

                You are lucky to have a lady like Andrea in your customers service call centre, my apologies if I spell the name wrong.She was with me on the phone for half an hour and really really make me feel that my query is so important and she meet to the highest customer service standards possible.You are lucky to have an employee like Andrea.Thank you very much.As I promised I will give 200% satisfaction from your service.
            

                What an uttely shamefully disgusting company lloyds are to deal with. Had a minor accident with £1500 of damage. Took 4 weeks to inspect it andcthen never carried it through or paid my repair work. 2 months with no car and ended having to pay it out my own pocket. £123 ringing there call centres, my solicitor rang there head office and no mtter how many times they said there litigation department would call him back they lie.Lloyds have never the less recorded my iccident and not paid me one penny back but increased my premium instead . I have rang and rang week after week only to be ignored promising call backs and were are resolving etc. Well lloyds see you in court. Court papers submitted today after 8 months of giving you every chance in the world. Rude staff beyond belief. Legal fees alone and costs come to more than my repair. I hope you learn the hard way lloyds car insurance.yuor a truly disgusting company . You pass it off to axa insurance and take zero responsibility when it goes wrong. Well my contract states  lloyds car ins are my contractor. It is not my problem u sold it on to the 3rd party insurers who are impossible to contact.  60 hours of my time at £22 an hour will be also be claimed via the court hearing. All i have done is lose money in the process and give up my time ringing. Digracefully negligent supplier with the worst customer "innit attitude"of staff ive ever dealt with. Shamefull insurer and pne i will be leaving.
            

                Dear LIyodsI went today to pay my credit card bill at you branch located on Piccadilly Street London dealing with cashier at 16:30 Friday 30th September, the Cashier which I see every month there are Rude, do not look at the client and really need to push and express your need to make a payment She address to me like.... I was a dog..... never smile and really was not professional at all , I had to repeat 3 times I wanted to pay and the body language...? she even do not say please or thank you or look at you she stare the computer or the floor/..... I DO NOT NEED YOUR STAFF'S LOVE" ITS THE WORST FRONT DESK CASHIER I DEAL WITH AND TODAY WAS TO MUCH....... I BANK WITH HSBC AND you should GO THERE AND SEE HOW THEY TALK TO THEIR CLIENTS ! I told the cashier I just need to pay my LIoyds credit card after 2 minutes I had told her " please if you may be tired " I am not your dog" I told her I will call you Lloyds Bank to let you know about this last time for me in this branch dreadful experience and took her name on the badge," Tesco Cashier  staff on jermyn street SW1 London  are more proffessional than This Cashiers bank employee at Lloyds Piccadilly Branch London SW1 , I will never open a current account with LIyods I have a credit card but depressing unprofessional not tidy staff to deal with at the branch. banks Customer service level in this branch is dreaful and I am wondering if they know why they are on the payroll dealing with LIoyds's Clients at the Front Cashier Desk they should get to read there job description everyday before opening the bank.You should send mystery customer there everyday and check watch what they do and treat your clients !!!!!I will never go back to this branch even I live 2 minutes away and will never open any current or second bank account at Lloyds they treat you like dog and really watch your cctv please if you care a bit I really can't take it anymore every month there .....There is a cure to mediocrity ....... consumers are really not willing to be treated like dogs and please can you benchmark see HSBC Pall Mall SW1Y Branch how the staff is professional and tidy.Hope this will help you to re-ajust . by the way I will call or email to give you the name of the Cashier I dealt with today.Sincerely yours
            

                Happy to report that this was a wonderful customer service experience. Friendly individuals with in-depth knowledge of services available to me. Helped me out with numerous things around trying to switch banks as a Non-UK EU resident in the UK.
            

                Appalling customer service from the car insurance team, most difficult transfer to a new provider I have ever had, customer service team patronising and terrible attitude.
            

                I have experienced some bad customer service, but Lloyds took it to I have experienced some bad customer service, but Lloyds took it to another level. I never thought possible. These guys were truly spectacularly bad, with zero contrition or a sense of urgency to assuage customer concerns and pleas to improve their service. I have been trying to get car insurance and Lloyds bank keep blocking my credit card, preventing me from completing my purchase of the car insurance. What’s more, I have been to the local Lloyds bank, on recommendation of their telephone call centre agent, with my passport, ID and all the requisite information; obtained their assurances that the block on my card had been lifted, only to discover that the claim simply was not true. I resolved to call the call centre again, over the course of THREE days, with each call lasting over ONE HOUR ON HOLD to be passed on to a customer service agent. The last call on the third day even lasted 0NE AND a HALF HOURS!! The frustration was made even worse by one the call centre members asking me to tone down my anger, since she was not there to be abused, despite my not resorting to invectives or any foul language at any point. One other agent even had the audacity to say the long waiting times had nothing to do with her (it wasn’t her problem). I did raise my voice in frustration, and did apologise for this. How can the bank explain such a hideous service and utter contempt for their customers? AVOID THIS POMPOUS UTTERLY CONTEMPTUOUS INSTITUTION IF YOU KNOW WHAT IS GOOD FOR YOU. Their true colours are revealed when you need them to dutifully expedite  a transaction for you.
            

                Here are the feed for a 100 gbp transfer from UK to Romania, both currently in the EU.COUNTRY:	ROMANIASTERLING AMOUNT:	100.00 GBPCURRENCY AMOUNT:	100.00  GBP ?EXCHANGE RATE:	1 GBP = 1.00 GBPTYPICAL FEES:	9.50 GBP ?9.5% commissions? This 9.5% can be translated to:- from 20 working day a month Lloyds Bank makes you work 2 days for them. - from 8h you work on a day, Lloyds steals from you 48 minutes.- from 60 years lived on this earth, 6 years you are Lloyds slave.- 2016 has 253 working days. Congratulations, 25 days you are working for Lloyds Bank.- from every 10 people you see every day, Lloyds owns one of them.I understand the banking system, they need to make profits, but there is no justification for taking 9.5% from my money just for what at the end of the day for them is just a virtual transfer.Also, they don't have the LEI currency on the list for international transfers.
            

                Just waited 25 minutes for an answer to cancel car insurance after sale. They slapped a £48 cancellation fee . What a nice little earner, Del Boy would be so pleased, avoid.
            

                I dont know where to begin. I have recently relocated to Dubai and tried to make an international payment to my new landlord for rent, filed in his details and was told it would take 4/5 working days. fair enough, thats what I expected. After 5 working days I contacted Lloyds after questions from my current landlord about where the money was, after being on the phone for well over half and hour and transferred around different people I was told that the money should land in his account the following day. It didnt. On the 12th august(8 days after the payment was made) I contacted the bank again. Again I was on the phone for what seemed like an eternity and nobody wanted to talk to me. I eventually got through to the international transaction team who said that this 'Standard chartered bank' (middle bank) had haulted the payment until some security questions had been answered. I wasnt told this when I called so obviously wasnt happy with threats starting to come from my bank. I answered the questions and asked them to market the case as urgent. I explained my situation to the woman I spoke to and said how desperate I was that this needed to be resolved as I faced eviction and possible jail time as not paying rent is a legitimate reason for being jailed in Dubai. Did she care? of course not, nobody at Lloyds did. Because after it was marked urgent the payment wasnt followed up for another TEN DAYS. and was only evenuitally followed up after I filed an official complaint. In those 10 days I spent what seemed like a fortune on phone calls, had been evicted from my flat for not paying rent for two days without access to any of my belongings, including clean clothes as well as the landlord threatening to call the police on a daily basis. Most people would understand how urgent this was and how stressful this would make somebody after relocating to a new country but apart from Lloyds 'marking a note as urgent' they did nothing to chase my payment. Now I have managed to borrow money from a family member a few days ago to finally get access back to my flat and relieve the threat of jail time, but now owe a family member a significant amount of money. Lloyds still havent been able to chase my payment to put it back in my account and have said on numerous occations that they have tried and failed to contact standard chartered bank. FAILED TO GET A RESPONSE. I couldnt believe it, the bank Lloyds trust to transfer my money, they cant contact and I was even told from the manager of customer services that she doesnt think they have done anything wrong. I tried to explain that I was a Lloyds customer, not a standard chartered customer and it is Lloyds responsibility to make sure the money arrives at the required destination. I am happy to pay the transaction fees if this happens. I was denied the opportunity to speak to any senior member of staff to take this matter further which has just been typical of the service I have recieved. Since my latest conversation I have had no choice but to contact the financial services authority as each day which passes is costing my family money and nobody at Lloyds could care one bit. I refuse to accept that what is being done is adequate as this has gone on for 3 weeks now. Richard Wilson
            

                What a joke. A minor admin task on my mortgage. 4 weeks to complete in the terms I signed. Well.... Debacle begins. Lots of lost paperwork (God knows how many copies of things were provided to this incompetent set up)...  No status updates, no response to communications, audacity to try charging me a late fee when the actions are on them (probably as I cannot get any answer) complainta process that doesn't respond, no.escaluation route for cases, cases managed by email, branches (if you can find one open when you might be free to use it) very unhelpful and rude. Online support have no ability to do anything other than trow platitudes at youAvoid and go to any other provider even a bloody crook that you know is one, rather than this lot.
            

                Low Cost Holidays went under on 15th July 2016 swindling thousands of holiday makers to pay extra on travel, hotel and transfer costs. Despite notifying my credit card company Lloyds Bank, I have been given all sorts of lame excuses by their customer services staff bouncing meoff  to claim under section 75 all on the credit card claimant process and then their untrained staff asking me to  contact the same bank to claim under the travel insurance. I pay over £25 to Lloyds bank for travel insurance, road side services etc each month and have been taken for a ride.on this premier account. Please could all those who are waiting to hear from Lloyds Bank write more about their experience. We could perhaps write to the Guardian about our claim we could make a difference and write to the government rasing a petition. I have haf the worst experience with Lloyds far from rating to zero. I suggest if you hold a Lloyds credit card or bank account switch it now...
            

                OK...so I was a pawn caught up in the 2008 recession.. We lasted til early 2012. Under the advice from a BDM we were told that the only way to help save our businesses was to reloan, a decision which wasn't taken likely but under advice from the bank..1 week later after we signed for a new loan aggrement the BDM left Lloyd's bank.... A few months passed as we tried to recover only falling down the pan with a splash... We lost everything including our home (our pension) due to the stress, anquisty, shame and the way the Lloyd's bank recovery team abused there position, our proposals were thrown out everytime even when we had a plan to pay back the loan... The worst thing about this was the recovery team gave me 24 hours to come up with 60k when I came off the sick for 2 years ..  Then without us knowing, took my house off me and sold it to the same buyer I was dealing with in one of many if my proposals I offered the reciver  and recovery team.. Theft absolute theft. The bank took thier money and sent me a cheque for just over 20k and my tenants got evicted ...how is it the bank can do this...one day when I'm better I will fight this. Come on spire homes in Northampton help me out your agent messed up along with the LDA ....you all messed up....Shame on Lloyd's bank I hope you all sleep at night ...and would dearly like you to talk to me.. 07933091200 ..
            

                Was charged £80 overdraft fees for going less than £50 in the red. Absolutely disgusting that banks can get away with this. I'm now planning to set up another current account and leave this one overdrawn. Lloyds is one of 3 high street banks I've used in my life and by a long way the worst. Please don't switch to them.
            

                Always so polite, website is great to use for Banking, telephone banking is also a pleasure to use, great friendly staff.
            

                I find lloyds to be a  complicated bank    worst bank that I have dealt with
            

                Hi all, i used LLoyrds bank for my personnal account since 2 years with an loan of 2000£. Always paid on time. I created an limited company and I though it will be better to open my business account to manage better my situation, After lot of call, LLoyrds created my business account. GOOD new. But .... Yes always but with LLoyds BankI cant have an DEBIT CARD due to my credit score at 557 ( miss payment on small credit card £401).Now this credit card is clean. They prefer wait until I have few month of business to maybe create an Debit card. I earning £1800 /week. How they could refuse an Debit card ( block at £0) for this type of customer. I totally understand that I am not able to have an Credit card at the moment due to my bad management of my credit card. I using this business account only to paid my professionnal travel and transfer monney into my personnal account ( lloyds of course). I will solve the loan and move to an another bank ASAP. I am not borred at all to paid monthly fee with bank if I have an good service and no isues. LLoyds you again loose an customer who could be your next customer for an morgage at £200K in the next years......Apologize.
            

                I have banked with Lloyds for 25 years.  Earlier this year I paid money in via the out of hours deposit.  They lost the deposit and had the cheek to tell me that it takes 48 hours to credit cash paid in - this was an excuse they made up whilst they tried to find my money.  I hoped this would be an isolated event, however the next time I paid money they keyed in the wrong amount.  It transpired that I was credited with someone else's cash, and they were credited mine.Fast forward to today and I asked them to certify one of my bank statements to be used as ID as I am buying a property.  My solicitor needed them to certify my bank statement as I am a new client of the solicitor.  The bank refused to do so!  They told me that they only certify bank statements internally if you are buying one of their products or something from Scottish Widows!!!  I pointed out that I wouldn't need the statement certified by them if I was buying something internal.So folks, the moral of the story is, Lloyds bank will not be there when you need them.  25 years' custom down the drain.  Once the mortgage is sorted I will be leaving this bank and give my money to Nat West who actually do care about customers.
            

                Really rude and horrible customers service never ever going back there . Especially for Bussines customers avoid that branch
            

                one star if I could i would not give them any stars been in this bank for years was first in t.s.b then they joined up with lloyds then lloyds went it alone since then I have been charged with the most stupidest of charges 3p overdrawn 70p overdrawn yet had plenty of money in other accounts its a digusting bank avoid it at all costs I am leaving this bank shortly as soon as I sort out another mortgage lender .
            

                without delay change your bank others are so much better none of this ''freezing'' your account and stopping you using your card or worse your card swallowed for no good reason-they spy on customers and make lame excuses while they take their time noseying into your affairs better off saving the old fashioned way locked cabinate /safe somewhere safe away from greedy self induldgent money making corporations living off your interest because YOU the customer gets stuff all interest from any of these banks remove your money- they can no longer spy on you -or sell your private information to their sister companies...or make money off ''your money''' lets get rid of greedy corporations what are any of them without US)
            

                I was looking to open business account with them but reading comments here got me thinking ,cant afford to get my account or debit card frozen so  I 'll go with metro bank for now
            

                Three examples of poor service......When arranging currency for a trip to Switzerland, the Lloyds staff member was adamant that Switzerland used the euro for their currency..!!!When having a debit card 'swallowed up' by an ATM abroad (Middle East country), we called lloyds international desk for assistance. The staff member said go into the bank as it wasn't a weekend. The fact that the weekend in most Middle East countries is different to UK weekends seemed to not register with the staff member.Obtaining emergency currency while abroad., lloyds has a partnering arrangement with another company. The process was the currency would be delivered to our hotel....it wasn't and we requested to go to a outlet of their partner company. Having gone around a large city for an hour, the taxi driver who knew most of the city well declared he had never heard of the company outlet. We then walked around and by chance saw a outlet which arranged currency exchanges. As I looked over the service counter of the place I asked if they knew where the lloyds partner company outlet was. They didn't know. Then I pointed out that the paper of theirs letterhead was the name of the company!!!!Another time arriving at Nairobi after an internal flight from Mombassa (just escaped the riots!)., I wanted to withdraw funds from an airport ATM ....I had a problem. I called lloyds international desk. They asked me security questions one of which, how much cash I had taken out of my account on a date 2 weeks prior!,, no consideration that we had just escaped the middle of an ensuing al Shabab riot!!!Lloyds ....international support....forget it.....you're on your own....
            

                LLOYDS BANK ISLE OF MAN off shore stole my life savings accounts with around 62 000 pounds on it which I saved over period of last 25 years ...nobody bothered to explain ...did a complaint twice every time my predicament got even worse..customer service basically read my letter of complain back to me ?!!!..how crazy is that I complained that I can not access my accounts because they got restricted and asked for explanation WHY THEY GOT RESTRICTED AND INVESTIGATED FOR MONTHS TO NO END only to be told by complaint person that she investigated the matter and she CONCLUDED my access to them is not possible because they are restricted ?????....crazy...like MONTY PYTHONS skeet...second time around she just outright lied about the matter saying that actually one account was not restricted so it GOT closed down (lie)that other two been restricted all along (another lie I manage to get some money out of one of the accounts and WAS TOLD THAT IT WAS NOT RESTRICTED by the person doing transfers )..she does not even read her own replays ???.....now my accounts are in limbo I HAVE NO MEANS TO CHECK BALANCE over the phone or internet and even mail statements stopped .
            

                I booked a holiday and badabing what would you expect from Expedia they charged me twice. Anyway wouldn't my bank who is in control of my money step in and help its customer and just cancel the transaction? so that only one goes through? I have to wait 72 hours now in the hope that Expedia does it side of the deal and refunds me. So it is true any company can just fleece your bank account with Lloyd's BEWARE what a waste of time the customer service is as well.
            

                I have been with them ever since I moved to the UK and I am really happy with them. Easier than any-other bank to register especially when you just move here and you don't really have a good English - my account was open in half an hour with a really nice adviser. Never had any issue with them, always friendly staff.. I recommend all of my friends that move in the UK to go there.
            

                I opened a business account with them and I would like to warn as many people as I can that this is the worst bank to do business with. They will put a block on your account for days or even weeks because they forgot to do all the necessary checks when you opened the account in the first place. They will not let you know what is happening, they will not answer your calls, their employees are rude and indifferent. Your whole company will be on a standstill for days waiting for some information for what is happening. Day 7 now, I still don't know what information I need to give them for them to unblock my business account. This was the worst banking experience I ever had in my whole life.
            

                Having been enticed to Lloyds bank car insurance with a reasonable insurance quote for my Ford Mondeo ST200 V6, I decided to sell my vehicle and purchase a vehicle 2 years older, a Mitsubishi Shogun which was more suited for my lifestyle. I contacted Lloyds Bank to inform them of the change of vehicle to which I was told the underwriter could not insure this car and they would have to find another underwriter, after several minutes I was given my new quote! twice the price of my original policy....I was horrified, I googled other insurance companies and found that I could get the insurance at lots of other places for £200 cheaper! but and here is the final nail.... if you cancel for any reason from being car-less to dropping dead they charge you £55!Conning bast##ds! this is day light robbery, so I decided to cut my losses and cancel my policy and go to a better company and save £200.So my advice is, if this company Lloyds Bank offer you a competitive quote... don't take it! walk away fast, once they have you they will screw you!An unsupportive bad company!!DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!
            

                They were charging my mother over £300 more for home and contents insurance, than a quote with them online, for years. She was not aware that they were charging for £5000 shed cover and for her making a claim within the last three years, which they were aware she had not, as she had been with them for longer than that period. When I realised this and contacted them they could not care less. I was sent a letter with numerous irrelevant excuses and then a leaflet to complain to the ombudsman.My mother has been with Lloyds bank for over 40years and so trusted in them. It is worrying to think how many people that are not use to using the internet or comparison sites that Lloyds are taking advantage off, because they trust in their bank.I hope everyone that has been mistreated by Lloyds makes a complaint to the ombudsman so hopefully they are forced to change their ways.
            

                Every time I try to make a purchase on line my payment is always stopped by the fraud team, and I have to contact them too prove it is me making the transaction every time, it has now got to the point that there is no point in buying anything online anymore, I have been with Lloyds for years  I complained to my local branch in Dereham, and there answer was not our problem you need to contact the fraud team and sort it out with them I have contacted the fraud team several times over the last two months been to my branch twice told it will not happen again, tonight it happened again I was unable to buy something from Argos.There is no point in having a debit or credit card if this is happening every time. the only option for me is to change to a different Bank.We did not have this problem until the fraud department started doing this two months ago.Another loyal customer that you say you want to keep, moving somewhere else.Goodbye Lloyds you deserve it. for being unhelpful and rude to your customers.
            

                Engaging with this bank is an incredibly frustrating experience. Most companies today realise the importance of investing in their customer experience and retaining the loyalty of their customers but Lloyds seem to think it's ok to treat you as a stranger in every conversation and behave as though they are the only bank in the world. Lloyds need to urgently wake up to the fact it is the age of the consumer and if they don't deliver an expected level of service or fail to treat customers respectfully, they will walk away. I have and will not be looking back.
            

                Dear Online Public......My online banking had been suspended (Krishna knows why?).......so I phone the uncooperative Lloyds Fraud Team as requested, and here is how things went:Round 1:Phoned LLOYDS FRAUD TEAM and spoke to EDDIE, who took me through security and the three questions from my credit file. Answered said questions (without multiple choice).... mortgage provider, maiden name (well, another name I have been known by) and my age on my next birthday. Funnily enough, I didn't pass security and she told me after making me wait for 21 mins on the phone on an 0845 number, that I now had to go to a bank with my photo ID. Furious!! Plus the fact she didn't seem bothered to help or explain things to me after this point and repeated the same phrase she was obviously being shown to say on her computer. Round 2:Phoned back 20 seconds later.... and spoke to GEORGE. Again, went through security and answered three questions from my credit file (this time got the option of multiple choice, WHAT?). Funnily enough, my mortgage provider (same as Round 1), my maiden name (well another name i have been known by, but same as round 1) and now name someone I live with (different question). I passed and my online banking was unlocked! When I mentioned to him about the phone call with Eddie before (not being able to get into my account with the same two questions as this time and no multiple choice) he then says he shouldn't have allowed my online banking account to be opened (even though he got me to log in and check it worked, and it did!), because I had spoken to Eddie before, suspended it again and asked me to go into branch with ID.In the words of Nan "What a load of old......LLOYDS" Now i've been with Lloyds (hate to say) for 25 odd years, when I go in tomorrow morning I am going in to escalate this somehow, to make sure that the one monkey, who got it wrong out the two and who Lloyds bank pay to secure my money from fraudsters even away from myself, is taken and shot over the PC they have been taught to use. Unless I got my age wrong on my next birthday (which I would bet my house on I didn't, because my son was there listening at the time), I can't see how on hell's door I didn't pass security during round 1. When this is resolved it will be time to finally get my son to help me move my bank to someone better.......I hope more people do the same, when given lemons and a monkey to make the lemonade. Showing Lloyds, that even when the government didn't shut you down (as they should of) in 2008 for your F**K up during the last financial crisis, people can show you it's time for you to change your game and that you are not infallible.Sorry Joe Public (reading this review), this is long winded but this scenario happened before (again with Lloyds) to me a while ago and i put it down to a one off. But twice, is a P**S take from your "ANTI-FRAUD" department!Happy banking people and if not, change banks......!Wrathful from Worcestershire! :-)
            

                I have had continual outstanding customer service for my Business Account with Lloyds... especially from Paul Williams today, nothing was too much trouble and a lovely Brummy Accent too.  Thanks Lloyds... so glad I chose you from your many competitors
            

                I am supposed to have a Relationship Manager as a result of being a Premier Banking customer.I was advised that my account manager had resigned in May 2015 but heard nothing more from her replacement until I wrote in December 2015.Apologies followed but my point is to ask what the hell do these people do?There have been zero pro-active communications,no offers of how to invest my money,and no apparent interest in a customer of 43 years.....next please!
            

                without any valid reason they close down my bank account.  when i asked staff member what was the reason behind my account close they did't give me clear reason just told me they check my review and were not happy that was not valid and proper reason. I have been loyal customer for 8 years and i have never done overdraft and there were enough money and now that what they gave me even the branch staff was not helpful and rude.   That make me feeling really unhappy and stress out.
            

                Signed up for a new business account with 18 months free banking and then £5 per month thereafter unless we did non-electronic transactions.  As soon as the 18 months was up they started charging us for everything including electronic transactions.Have tried to sort this out with them over the phone and have to date called 4 times and keep being given the run around.Still not resolved.
            

                After taking a complaint to Lloyds from receiving a completely incorrect product to which I ordered, I was assured by the staff in branch it would get sorted and I would receive money back or a replacement product, I was then contacted by the team saying they needed a full write up of what they sent to what I received, I then got a phone call telling me they had received it an I had to get proof the product was a fake, but I could not get through to them even with the picture document I had sent that I didn't care if the product was fake or not, that it just wasn't what I ordered, after this I assume they threw my case away as I have not heard anything for months now, very bad customer service and very let down by my bank.
            

                My bank card was eaten by a natwest cashpoint. I rang lloyds to cancel my card and it was done and dusted in 5 minutes with my new one sent out (which I received two days later). Very friendly customer support, wasn't kept on hold and it helped knowing my card wasn't going to be used by someone else. Also helped me locate my nearest Lloyds bank so I could get money out from there just using my ID. Very helpful so you don't get stranded.
            

                I have been with Lloyds business banking for over 10 years. Not sure if any other bank will be any better so have not moved. I have a very miserly overdraft limit for unexpected payments (£3500) --which is really not much when you may have a temporary cash flow problem. Due to not owning any property Lloyds have always refused to increase this limit. Very strange when others are willing to lend tens of thousands as loans without any security. So hence the title of my review -- Very helpful as long as my cash flow is positive but will be ready to be ruthless when the sun is not shining.
            

                Whereas I think Lloyds is a great bank, the Click Safe online payment method can drive you crazy. It blocks payments from reputable companies like airlines (Garuda Indonesia as an example), and leave you with no choice but calling them. First of all they don't have enough staff so you stay on hold for more than thirty minutes, while your phone bill keeps increasing, so yeah an additional ten quid on top of your plane ticket.They are supposed to call you back but I'm on the go and thus changing my phone number across countries so that's not an option for me. It would be much better a confirmation email.Just spent a few hours and some extra pounds to buy a simple airplane ticket.
            

                Bit of a bumpy start with Lloyds Bank but I decided to give them another chance.It started Mid April (2015) where my bank had to close my account down temporarily when I had it cleared out by fraudsters, and I was left without money for a while and thought that it might be a good idea to set up an account with a second bank so that I would have some emergency money at least, so I decided to sign up for Lloyds as I liked the idea of their cashback offers.I signed up online and the sign-up process was easy but I noticed a small mistake with my address but there wasn't a way for me to change this but I just assumed they'd be able to correct it on their end, and after pressing submit I'd completely forgotten about the address coming up slightly wrong.As soon as I submitted the information, I was emailed to say I needed to show some identification in branch so I did this a few days later where the man working in branch scanned my passport and driving licence, stamped it and said everything should be up and running within ten days, although ten days passed and I'd heard nothing. A few days after that I got a text saying I needed to go into branch and show my documents so I did this and the guy working there just said that it's a rare occurrence but sometimes errors like this do happen, he sent those off and then a few days later I got this same text again, so the same man was there phoned up a specific department who told him to fax my ID over and they would process it there. But a few days later I just got an email saying I was unsuccessful in signing up. It didn't explain why and I was actually really annoyed and a little bit concerned my details had been lost somewhere and/or stolen by thieves just like my other details.I emailed the complaints department just explaining I was a little concerned that my details had been leaked and told them I'd now gone elsewhere with my banking. This was Thursday evening and I received a phone call Friday morning from the department, the man there assured me that my details won't have been leaked out and he wasn't sure what had actually gone on but he apologised for everything and was a little disappointed that I moved my banking elsewhere or else he would have tried booking me an appointment within the bank, and I said it wasn't too late and he could still do that and he did. He also gave me £50 compensation for the trouble.Anyway I visited branch giving Lloyds a second chance and everything seemed to go more smoothly. It was a little longer than if online had have worked, but certainly more easier signing up because I was able to actually talk to the lady signing me up and ask questions so I was grateful for the opportunity really. I also figured out what had happened with everything failing with the online sign up..I live in a village called Gildersome, and my house number is 34. I won't include my street name but for some reason when I signed up it said I lived at 34 Gildersome, and this was the other address that came up when I did sign up online and that I completely forgot about happening. So anyway, the lady asked me if I still lived at 34 Gildersome? And I told her no but realised that's what happened online, because this wasn't my address so the address on my identification wasn't matching with my profile with them, but anyway she corrected it and everything went smoothly. She also got her manager to come in at the end of the interview just so he could clarify his staff were doing well and I didn't realise that the branch manager was actually the guy who was helping me when I was coming into branch with ID, he couldn't stop apologising and was glad that things were finally sorted out. He told me I wasn't the only customer having trouble signing up online.I just had one slight more problem though but isn't a massive deal, when signing up she promised I would receive a contactless card and when it arrived it wasn't contactless so I was a little disappointed. I know it seemed a little daft but I find them so useful so I phoned up the cards department and explained everything, the first guy I spoke to didn't seem best pleased to be talking but the second guy he passed me over to was very polite and helpful and said he'd placed one on order for me and it should be with me within five days so I just hope that is fixed for me now and then I'll finally be happy after over a month of trying to register! So overall I have a feeling I'm going to be happy banking with Lloyds in the long run, but I'm just annoyed that it's taken over a month to get me signed up
            

                I have never felt compelled to write about my experiences with a bank until now!  My opinion of banks are that they are all the same ie THEY ALL WANT YOUR MONEY.  I am loyal to a bank based on the way I have been treated as a human being - we all have ups and we all have downs.  I have realised that Lloyds (and their *ankers} are only interested in the 'ups' and thus treat you with total disregard when you have a a 'moment' of financial uncertainty in life.  As soon as I have paid off the credit I owe them I will never go near any of their products again!  Also just noticed that they have 2 choices for Lloyds Bank - 1 hyphenated and the other isn't which take you to two different reviews and thus divide the opinions in half! Sort your Customer Service out Lloyds!
            

                They can't get anything right and make communicating with them as difficult and time consuming as possible. When something goes wrong (which is often) they are beyond apathetic and fixing it is painful. Awful.
            

                Appalling service received from Lloyds. From the outset of choosing to open a new business account with them I have had to do all the chasing. Never received a call back as they advised would be the case. Once I called to check on the status of my application and to ask why I have not been called, I spoke with a manager who was very apologetic and assured me this was a one off. All my details were taken, again, and I was told I would receive details of the account to sign and return within 5 days. Having received these I signed and returned immediately. After 7 working days I again called to check the status of my application, being told 'all is in order and the account has been accepted we are just waiting for it to be cleared and opened, this can take up to between 14-20 days'. Well, on day 25 I called after, still, not receiving any correspondence to be told 'your account has not been looked at yet, I am very sorry I will get it looked at today' I asked to speak to a manager right away, none were available so I asked to be called ASAP by a manger for them to explain why this has happened stating if I received no response within 24 hours I would be cancelling the application hoping this would trigger a response for once . I am still waiting for their reply, more than 24 hours have lapsed! When they eventually call, which I hope they do, I am looking forward to the reasons given so I can reply with my reasons for taking my business elsewhere.
            

                I went to open an account so initially started the application online , then went to the branch in bolton to show my id everything went ok then a couple of weeks later you cancel my application WTF
            

                Friendly staff, issues resolved in minutes, great service & definitely a recommendable place for banking.
            

                My Brother-in-Law, a man in his fifties with a mild learning disability who lives at home with his Father, has no mortgage, no loans, no family, no long term financial commitments, holds down a low paid but steady job with sick pay benefits was targeted by a Lloyds customer advisor in 2011 and stitched up with Critical Illness cover (with payment protection insurance on top), Income Protection cover and a Life Insurance policy, all index linked with increasing premiums to the tune of over £160 per month (on an income of less than £1000). I suspect that the circa £12k of commission earned for Lloyds was of far more importance to the advisor than any possible requirement for such cover by my Brother-in-Law.Currently in process of reclaiming over £5k of premiums. Lloyds were fined by the Financial Conduct Authority in 2013 for bad selling practices and were supposed to have reviewed all policies sold, contacting those customers that they felt had been badly advised. I guess they might not be looking too hard for people to refund......
            

                Like a fool, i bought some tickets for a concert and paid by bank transfer, this was not off of a site.So when it all went wrong, i contacted the police and went to my bank to make them aware of the problem.I did not go to the bank to ask them to rectify this, i simply went there to let them know that i had paid money to a fraudster, now when i got into the branch and explained what i had done, i was handed a phone and a number to call, after being put through to several service employees on the phone, i was then told something which i could not make out on the phone as it was a bad line and the service employee had a strong accent, then the line went dead.I then spoke to a member of staff in the branch, and the answer i got was, nothing to do with the bank, we cannot help you.Now it was not help i was in the bank for, it was to give the information on the fraudster, but nobody wanted to know, they didn't even take down my name or account number, or even want to know the name of the fraudsters account or bank.I know it was my fault for falling for a scam, but you are always told to report these things to help build profiles of criminals, so if anything like this this happens to you, don't bother going to a Lloyds bank to let them know as they could not care less.Especially the Enfield branchMandy

You gota love the add on tv BY YOUR SIDE. if you get into any difficulty's there sell your dept for penny's to companies like Cabot who then make massive profits from your misfortune and the banks give away all your information this practice has no place In the UK when the tax payer bailed them out they still continued to sell dept for pence perhaps this is why they want to move out of the UK as this practice is slowly coming to light and the UK people have had it with Banks who behave In this way.
            

                If I could give them no stars I could. This bank has not only been rude and drisciminated agaisnt me every time I have been in but today they were out of this world rude! I tried to even discuss with the manager my problem and he straight away had his employees back would not even deal with me. I'm appalled by their lack of customer service not only will I be switching banks but will but contacting the papers for their disgusting behaviour.
            

                Best bank on the high st
            

                I am very happy with the Lloyds Bank for the last 4 years and that their service is fantastic, so professional so far.Con is - I would not use their service for the currency outside the UK because they are so expensive, so I use weswap.com card to save money.
            

                I have never had problems with Lloyds, the service is good. I always got help from employees of the shop floor.  Haven't used my card abroad much as i am charged per every transaction, even in it was made in the EU.
            

                Unfriendly, unhelpful and difficult to access customer services.
            

                I've always found Lloyds services to be professional and efficient whether this was in branch, online banking, over the phone or when receiving notification alerts. Only this morning I had locked myself out of my account online (my most recent mishap), and so called their customer service team. The two gentlemen I spoke to were very patient and helpful, and all was resolved within a very short period of time. I'd like to thank the who team for their helpful assistance over the years, and for the continued assistance I'm sure I'll need. You have a fantastic team and deserve the praise.
            

                Lloyds always give a reliable service and arranged my mortgage very quickly
            

                For me Lloyds have been brilliant. After the break from TSB and Lloyds (some of my accounts were split between the two banks) TSB were charging me fortunes, moved all my accounts to Lloyds. Business account service charges were 1/5 as much and the business manager even dropped and collected the paper work to my house. 10/10 Personal touch!
            

                I am just sick of that bank. You are abroad, try to make transfer online. They are calling you back with some code to type in, then they will suspend your online banking and won't allow that transfer to get trough. (you typed that code correctly). than number to call - to unlock suspended account, but how can I top up my o2 card to call You back if You suspended everything??? It is not the first time tbh. as soon as I will come back, I am cancelling that account, one BIG joke.
            

                Poor customer service. The few branches remaining have ridiculous queues.
            

                Nothing but helpful in my experience, great online banking.
            

                takes a while to get matters resolved
            

                I have just had the best customer service experience as a business account holder. The service in branch is just great!  Two members in my local Gosforth branch stand out a mile for their helpfulness AND patience, Diane and the lovely lady with black hair!  I have also found the helpline really friendly and understanding.  I am very happy with my Lloyd's business account
            

                Dreadful service  had to demand a manager to speak tome  , they keep telling me I cant have an overdraft or a loan due to my credit  file but according to all the agency's my credit file is fine ,  They keep you hanging on the phone they have no idea  how to  treat customers who have banked with them fora few years . Well I am off to another bank after banking with them for 7 years and never ever going overdrawn or borrowing . When I want to make house improvements They are just so unhelpful I have made 3 phone call now all last more than 30 minutes and no one can give me any answers.
            

                I had an unauthorized charge on my credit card and the service staff has been very friendly and help me to solve this problem quickly. Thank you
            

                I had a issue with Men's store timberland in Trafford centre when purchasing 2 pairs of jeans. I was charged for 3 pairs and when I have escalated this matter with the bank which is lloyds as the items was purchased with a Lloyds Credit card, they went in favour of the store even though it clearly shows on my receipt that a pair of jeans has been paid for twice as it shows the same barcode on both the products on the receipt. I am under the impression timberland banks with Lloyds and that's why Lloyds made this decision as to not rock the boat as they already have senior members of staff been imprissoned for theft and fraud and now they are actually promoting theft is acceptable if your a retailer stealing from a customer.This is not the first time I've had issues with this bank as previously my elderly mum who's disabled was called into branch twice due to her account. It was froze and went to the frauds team for no apparent reason. She is 80 years old and struggled to walk. On the first appointment we was told everything would be resolved with identification but then a few days later the restrictions was still on and we couldn't withdraw money from her account. When we queried this again, we was told the paperwork was not submitted and my mum had to come to branch again with her identification for the 2nd time. It was on the 2nd appointment I closed her account and transferred to a better bank which has never caused us any issues unlike Lloyd. Disgusting service form Lloyds and avoid like the plague. Incompetent staff and extremely poor service with unsympathetic staff teams! I will be closing all my accounts down with this bank. Anyone else experiencing problems contact trading standards and the Ombudsman.
            

                Abysmal service throughout - don't expect even the simplest task to be completed unless you are willing to do it over and over again. Perhaps on the 3rd or 4th attempt? In hindsight I would have gone with one of the non high street banks.
            

                The Spalding branch of the bank was reduced some years ago when one of the branches was closed.  At that time customers were promised that no long queues or service reductions would result.  The existing branch in Spalding has four cashiers desks but only two are ever manned leading regularly to long queues waiting for service.  When I commented on the level of service I was told that "usually" two cashiers are adequate to deal with demand.I have tried going to the bank on different weekdays and at various times in the morning and afternnon but the result is, without fail, a queue of customers waiting for service.  This situation is aggravated by businesses requiring longer service than general customers at the available cashiers desks.Yet again today I went to the bank as I need to - generally only once per month - and was greeted with a queue being held by those requiring service for their businesses.When I finally reached the cashier an apology was made for keeping me waiting and a demand to know why I failed to use a cash card to pay my credit card bill and withdraw cash.  It would appear that I must comply with the requirement of the bank to have a cash card (which I do not have or want) to gain any level of service; I feel this attitude by the bank to be not only intrusive but an act disclosing the fact that I am there to serve the bank rather than it acting for me whilst it uses the money in my account to make profits.If the bank has no wish of my custom it would be appreciated if this could be made clear.  If it wishes to retain my custom and goodwill it is incumbent on the bank to improve both its attitude and its level of customer service.I have attempted to make a complaint with regard to the level of service on the bank's web page but the service is not operating!!If anyone from the bank bothers to read this it would be interesting to see their comments.Addendum:I finally managed to contact Llioyds Bank Customer Services with my complaint using their online sevice.  I received an acknowledging email asking me to call them which I did.  The call was answered by a Scottish accented person and as a result I believe the contact was in Scotland.During the almost one sided diotribe extolling Lloyds Bank, advising me that rhe local manager had everthing under control and was totally correct in all that was going on I was virtually unable to put my point until I forcfully interjected.  However the individual I spoke to (granted paid by Lloyds) was totally unwilling to consider that the service was poor or that there may be a case for consideration.  The impression gained from the output made on behalf of the bank was in principle, "we are right, you are wrong and if you don't like it take you business elsewhere"; this, naturally was denied as ever being said but the intimation was certainly present.And banks wonder why they have such a poor reputation.
            

                I will miss this bank! Lloyds has always been great, I've banked with them for 3 years now and received annual cinema tickets as a benefit of their current account. I've never had any issues with customer services over the phone - online banking works a gem. Fraud teams work quickly to resolve issues. Can't say the same for my branch experience, but they're a lot better than Santander and HSBC! Unfortunately for me (and Lloyds), I am trying out a different bank who is offering £200 for me to switch! I don't get anywhere near that amount with annual interest payments these days...
            

                I have had no problems with this Bank.They do have a mobile app that you can do pretty much everything on not like other comments say.They do have Online banking which you can log in to any where in the world on your PC/Laptop or mobile device and take care of everything including cancelling cards.You can apply for loans online and complete online.You can apply for car finance online and complete online and they pay the car dealer direct. How simply can that be.You can apply for credit cards online increase or decrease your limits.Insurance can all be Quoted online.I have not had to go in to my bank for yearsAs for using your card outside the UK yes your going to get charged the exchange rate and a fee for your bank doing this but it clearly in the terms if you read them.Overdrafts on an account can be removed instantly but If you use your card abroad and you do not have funds it will still go through as there banking systems do not link up to UK banking systems this is why foreign transactions do not show up straight away on your account.Check your balance online before you use your card outside the UK.If you stick to the common sense rules you can not go wrong, this bank operates like most other UK banks.
            

                Not great. I did not realize that there is a conversion fee for using my visa debt to purchase products that is bought with currency outside of UK pounds. I was charge with 25 pounds per transaction. I called in customer service and they told me that there is nothing they can do for an honest mistake. Surprised me because I had an honest mistake with a Canadian bank and they refunded me the charge of 80 dollars. Though, they add a comment in your bank account explaining the refund so the customer cannot claim the same reason again. This is what Lloyd bank should do, but instead they don't offer any assistance.
            

                have been with Lloyds for a number of years and whilst in the beginning they seemed to be ahead of most of the pack - no cumbersome gadget to do online banking, jazzy app - they have now downgraded their services to that of late 19th century. Pretty much EVERYTHING requires you to go to the branch - seriously?? I have had accounts since late 90's that did not require this. They have also taken away the secure messaging function; something EVERYONE offers. They either want you to call them (really not worth a bother, I promise you - things do not get done, or get half done, or get done wrongly and you have no trail to go back on) or actually revert to 19th century and go into branch. And even that you might have to actually do twice as not in all branches at all times there are people who can help you with complex stuff such as, I dunno, changing your home address. I had to make an appointment to actually do this in branch as the afternoon I popped in (and these "pop in" things also inevitably require time off work, yet to catch up on some of us also working Saturdays, how about at least one late night or early morning, chaps? Even Post Office and NHS surgeries offer this!!) there was "nobody who can help with this". I have just taken all the money from my account, moving to not exactly 21st century but at least late 20th century high street provider who don't want to drag me into bank or have me phoning for everyone - at least there is secure messaging section which pretty much sorts all individual issues one might have. And even cumbersome gadget can nowadays be replaced with TouchID or other security info. I shan't bother closing the one with Lloyds though, as that also requires you to call or go into branch. Oh, and forget about emailing them any other way either - they hide this info like off shore tax affair!!
            

                I was bored with my current situation with Nationwide so looked around and spoke to my local branch of Lloyds which made my mind up to bank with them even though they did not give me any money to move to them like desperate banks at the moment...There overall products are really good and there internet banking is well set up and easy to use. I have found them to be a responsible bank and will not let you over borrow but are willing to listen, I started with a basic account but once you prove your worth can move up to a better account if that's what you wish and the same goes with credit cards and loans.I do most of my banking and request on-line and have never had an issue with them and get an instant response. When I have been in to branch I find them helpful and professional.I would certainly put them in the top 3 of banks in the UK and would recommend them to anyone and  trust them with all my banking needs.Andy.
            

                Having banked with Lloyds for nearly 14 years I have had multiple experiences of their customer service.  Their banking staff are friendly and helpful, their insurance team truly want to do the right thing for customer's.  Mistakes do happen, but they genuinely want to get it right and do not leave customer's out of pocket when issues arise.  I have been very happy with my dealings with Lloyds.
            

                Can I have a free bank account?-No. We only advertise them to be seen to be advertising them.They provide confusing contradictory online/mobile/cash point statements in order to help you incur bank fees. Pending transactions are well hidden.Their website cookies don't gracefully expire so you can't log in all the time unless you're a skilled web developer. A complaint always takes 1 hour and 2 staff on the phone. Yes, it costs them more than the value of the complaint. They clearly do this because they hate you.So write to them instead .. their reply is completely out of context. Every complaint comes with a free FSA brochure. They're outsourced their complaints process. 'Our Prices have changed'.  Changed means increased in the context of finance.Their staff don't understand how the current account works. That's deliberate so you just get fed up of trying to get anywhere with them.Worst bank ever.
            

                Really disapointed with the service from these people. Excuse after excuse.
            

                After buying a vehicle which was promised full service history on my credit card I had to initiate a chargeback after 3 months due to the merchant lying through his teeth about the vehicle having it , I spent days preparing all the paperwork to email off , after I sent it off I had a letter saying case closed as they called the merchant and he said he has the service history there for me to uplift ( 4 months after the vehicle was purchased ) I tried to explain that this is a lie and can you try to enforce the delivery of the documents promised at the point of sale , they refused point blank and said due to the merchants statement on the phone the case is closed , I am now in the process of starting a formal complaint so I can then take it to the FOS once the complaint is processed Anyone with a shred of common sense would of saw through the car dealers lies about him having the service history at the garage ready for me 4 months after the vehicle was purchased , I think they look to do the minimal amount of work involved in investigations
            

                My local branch in Hatfield has closed access to its ATM out of hours because somebody defecated in the foyer which used to be accessible to customers out of hours. The branch doesn't open on Saturdays and I can't get back before 7:00pm on Thursday when it stays open 2 hours later than usual so I can no longer pay in cheques or do any day to day banking through the ATM. All I want is a bank with a counter I can get to outside of working hours. Is that too much to ask?
            

                If I can't see what I spend when I spend it how can I know how much I am spending?Also if I changed dates of payments on a tax return isn't that fraud? So how is it that when I pay for something one day it hardly ever says the correct day, and this isn't fraud?I want compensation for having to put up with the most unreliable service of any banking group. Not to mention the fact it is impossible to track my money!Disgusting this day and age!!
            

                Been with Lloyds a few years was told when i joined i could only have a basic account but was told bank with us and we can see your salary going in 3 to 6 months you will get a upgrade years down the line still on a basic account, I joined yorkshire bank last week with a £300 overdraft so time to leave Lloyds as they lie
            

                Been with them for 5years and have never had an issue. Always on hand to help with any queries I may have. Must recommend their friendly staff and professionalism
            

                In comparison with other banks, this one is not so bad.I have accounts in UK and International branches. I can do online almost everything I need, including sophisticated payments and changes in personal details. Sometimes I had to call them, but waiting time was acceptable.Few times they went extra mile to help me, and all my instructions were executed correctly. After several years, no big problems with Lloyds so far.
            

                I am delighted with this bank, I am a Lloyds club card customer, and just recently my account had a mysterious transaction, I had not approved, I rang them promptly dealt with, after investigation they said they would refund amount has it was in pending transactions, once it had been taken,They cancelled my debit card and within 1 working day I have a new one via post,Cannot fault the service and happy to be a customer of Lloyds bank,
            

                I know Lloyds have some poor reviews on here, but this hasn't been my experience.I bank online mostly and have used other banks, but I find Lloyds online very reliable and easy to use.  They've also been helpful to me on the very rare occasions when I've raised a query with them. For me its been excellent online banking with very good support,
            

                When I opened my bank account I specifically said that I don't want any over draft facilities. I have since then moved from the UK to the USA and have not kept an eye on the balance of the account. I made an order online using my Lloyds account, assuming that I had cash in there, the payment went through no problemo. 3 months later I check the account to find that on that payment (which was a birthday Cake for my gran- the name on the payment was CAKES) I had overdrawn by 47.25! I was shocked to find my account in debt as I was under the impression that that wasn't possible and I had not received any communication from the bank (I was not at the address specified and my mobile number had changed, but surely when they realized this they should have tried email?- they cannot say that they exhausted all communication channels! and even so, if they couldn't reach me, why did they allow the transaction to go through?). So, I phoned Lloyds and asked who allowed the transaction to go though and the response was comical, "Well Miss, we never know whether its an emergency so we let it go through a reviewing process and then accept or decline if we think its an emergency or not". Surely "CAKES" doesn't sound like an emergency? Since going into "Unplanned Over Draft" of 47.25 pounds, I have now had to pay 250.59 pounds with all the "fees" that come along with unplanned over draft. Needless to say I have pulled the plug with Lloyds and shall not recommend them to anyone as I would never want someone who isn't able to pay off the debt, to get into a situation like this. Lloyds, you are a company that is willingly helping our country and people run into Debt that is beyond reparable. LLoyds, I'm disappointed and disgusted
            

                Apart form other complaints that are never dealt with my last issue the last being account charges which I am goin gto take to the ombudsman  was that whilst in Portugal alone wiht my son they decided to stop my bank card and I was left stranded with no money.  They did advise me to call visa in Miami however they were so unhelpful.  I did finally get money at 8pm that evening 7 hours later but the road to getting that money was horrific.  I was heartbroken.  Firstly I was in a town centre and asked do I wait there or make my way to the hotel and Visa said they cannot advise until Lloyds have confirmed security and the claim is valid, so I didnt know what to do.  I ended up selling Jewellry to get  ataxi back to the hotel which was a good job as just as I walked in my room the hotel room phone rang and it was Lloyds.  despite me asking them to call my mobile each call was to the hotel so my and my son was stuck in my room for 7 hours and finally when they sorted it they gave an address to go and give a code to get money.  the first address wasa supermarket.  The 2nd address was a shopping centre and they didnt even give me the name of the business.  Luckily a nice Portugese business owner called the shops number and recognized the business owners voice and took me to the shop which was a mobile phone and internet cafe, but they hadn't even told me that.  I wasn't to know as I through Gallarias Novas was the shop name but that was just the place.I did complain yet have heard absolutely nothing since my return.  I did call about it and was kept being put on hold whilst a lady kept coming asking me question and then I was cut off.  I just wanted something to be done to ensure this does not happen to anyone else.  They said that they had issued a new card that I hadn't received and even though they new I was abroad using my card they stopped it anyway.  Trying to blame me saying I had upgraded my account when I had had same account for years.  When my new card did arrive after getting home I now know the reason was that they were making me have a con tactless card whcih I did nto request.  So all this was for their benefit.
            

                I've reported my lost card 3 weeks ago and I still have not received the new card. Rubbish customer service. I'm very disappointed with Lloyd's.
            

                bad customer service Doncaster rude rude rude miserable, unhelpful, waiting terrible 3 seats only ever one on one -waiting forever- assistant manager bad attitude - bank elsewhere-on the reviews here another customer mentions 10 mins waiting to find answer to a generic question - with Lloyds insurance been nosey nosey they log you -your business-your personal-they market research you - we are all been treated like cattle by greedy corporations worldwide-get off facebook/twitter tell them nothing - and protect yourselves
            

                lloyds bank took my money from my accounts and froze them since 2 nd of march..no reason given,first restricted then frozen with no access to my money..my life savings gone ..62 000 pounds
            

                I called up the Lloyds Bank Axa Travel insurance helpline to ask a simple question: Does the free cover which comes with the Premier account include a particular sport?  Instead of a yes/no answer, I am asked to go through (1) security (not relevant as this is a generic question so the answer is independent of who I am) and then (2) a 5 min questionnaire as to whether anything has changed on my health since I last called the help line (one month earlier).The generic answer then comes back 'No, not covered'.  Simple question, easy answer but has taken me about 10 mins to receive.  Poor service and wasting my and the bank's time.
            

                I lictully got on £25 overdraft for 3 hours by an unexpected payment made from a company. When I sow I transfer money quick to not have the overdraft. After a month I receive a letter saying I have to pay £16 because I was £25 on overdraft for 3 hours. I been with them for 5 years but it's time to change now. Not happy at all.
            

                When my debit card was due to expire this month Lloyds was supposed to send a new one as a replacement. They never let you know that they have sent the debit card or not, so when things are getting serious and the end of the month is approaching you call them.. They said my card was due to arrive on the 21st but 7 days later my card hasn't arrived, no tracking number, nothing, nobody knows where my new card is. It takes 7 days for them to re-issue another one, of which 5 days I would be left with no money as my current card will be already expired. I don't think they ever sent the replacement card in the first place as it's virtually impossible that the parcel has been lost! This in addition with cancelling my telephone banking security number out of the blue. Lloyds doesn't even deserve the one star minimum rating here
            

                Complete joke of an organisation. The entire banking group and all brands within it are incompetent and a waste of space. Closed everything I had to do with them. Waiting times when you call are a disgrace and then you speak to someone who hasn't been trained to do their job properly. Pathetic, and scary to think they are handling your hard earned funds for you. Would have given zero stars if I could.
            

                Dear Online Public......My online banking had been suspended (Krishna knows why?).......so I phone the uncooperative Lloyds Fraud Team as requested, and here is how things went:Round 1:Phoned LLOYDS FRAUD TEAM and spoke to EDDIE, who took me through security and the three questions from my credit file. Answered said questions (without multiple choice).... mortgage provider, maiden name (well, another name I have been known by) and my age on my next birthday. Funnily enough, I didn't pass security and she told me after making me wait for 21 mins on the phone on an 0845 number, that I now had to go to a bank with my photo ID. Furious!! Plus the fact she didn't seem bothered to help or explain things to me after this point and repeated the same phrase she was obviously being shown to say on her computer. Round 2:Phoned back 20 seconds later.... and spoke to GEORGE. Again, went through security and answered three questions from my credit file (this time got the option of multiple choice, WHAT?). Funnily enough, my mortgage provider (same as Round 1), my maiden name (well another name i have been known by, but same as round 1) and now name someone I live with (different question). I passed and my online banking was unlocked! When I mentioned to him about the phone call with Eddie before (not being able to get into my account with the same two questions as this time and no multiple choice) he then says he shouldn't have allowed my online banking account to be opened (even though he got me to log in and check it worked, and it did!), because I had spoken to Eddie before, suspended it again and asked me to go into branch with ID.In the words of Nan "What a load of old......LLOYDS" Now i've been with Lloyds (hate to say) for 25 odd years, when I go in tomorrow morning I am going in to escalate this somehow, to make sure that the one monkey, who got it wrong out the two and who Lloyds bank pay to secure my money from fraudsters even away from myself, is taken and shot over the PC they have been taught to use. Unless I got my age wrong on my next birthday (which I would bet my house on I didn't, because my son was there listening at the time), I can't see how on hell's door I didn't pass security during round 1. When this is resolved it will be time to finally get my son to help me move my bank to someone better.......I hope more people do the same, when given lemons and a monkey to make the lemonade. Showing Lloyds, that even when the government didn't shut you down (as they should of) in 2008 for your F**K up during the last financial crisis, people can show you it's time for you to change your game and that you are not infallible.Sorry Joe Public (reading this review), this is long winded but this scenario happened before (again with Lloyds) to me a while ago and i put it down to a one off. But twice, is a P**S take from your "ANTI-FRAUD" department!Happy banking people and if not, change banks......!Wrathful from Worcestershire! :-)
            

                I've been personally banking with Lloyds for 13 years and never had a problem.Their internet banking is easy to use, they promptly contacted me once where some dodgy transactions were going through my debit card (which I was totally unaware!) and I haven't lost any money.I can't really complain about them.
            

                Shockingly bad service. The collections dept in Bangalore aren't fooling anyone with their faux-English names.
            

                Incompetent staff in-branch and on the phoneI only had a credit card with them for 3 months and these are the issues i had and why today i have canceled all my account with them.cards for partners could not be issued, staff in branch did not know how to complete simple processesletters about the account were sent out in errorbranch would not take a non lloyds debit card to pay account balances would only accept cash.In branch staff we inconsistent and did not understand there own processes Call center staff we inconsistent and did not understand there own processes I now have no confidence in this banks ability to complete even simple task so have canceled all my accounts with them.  Goodbye it has been painful to be your customer.
            

                All the time when I call Lloyds Bank for a help I face with the same problems: -	Long time for waiting-	Answerphone asks about card information but it cannot accept even English native speaking-	Very bad connection with quietly speaking operator who as usual chewing words and doesn't try to speak properly. It is always impossible to hear anything and operators does not care what you are saying transfers you incorrect department-	Then again and again they re-ask you many time about your details and don’t bother to listen you.-	If operator does not understand you or just pretend that doesn't due to his bad mood he hangs a receiver, that’s it and you lose quite significant time 45 min-1 hours in what you were involved by Lloyds. -	Operators look like trying to wind you up saying they don’t understand you and this torture repeats and repeatsI was expecting about a help to the bank first but contacted company, regarding to I was calling they helped me very quickly.
            

                Have recently tried to get car insurance through moneysupermarket.com (read on you will see why heading is Lloyds). Filled out all the fields including the illness as panel as DVLA AWARE - no restrictions as I have type 2 diabetes. The cheapest quote was Lloyds bank car insurance so phoned them up gave them the quote number and everything was okay they confirmed the amount.Just as a last thing I just wanted to confirm the accident details had gone through and my medical info had gone through. Knowing insurance use anything not to pay out on a claim. The accident had gone through okay but the medical info was an issue and a customer service person would be needed to input it as diabetes on the system. So was put through to one and after she put it on she then declared that the insurance was NO LONGER available to me. The next quote then goes from just over £300 to about £450. I pointed out that this was illegal to withhold insurance under the Disability Discrimination Act to which she started arguing it was not. Needless to say I did not go with them on the insurance and I am making reviews everywhere now because of this. I will also be issuing formal complaints against Lloyds bank for this as well and see how they like it as they think they can get away with it.
            

                Good overall banking experience. Very good website functionality and ease of online banking
            

                Have constant issues where a payment is confirmed on the site and yet is not processed.  Cannot trust the site at all.
            

                I've been with Lloyds for over 20 year and it only seemed natural for my son now 16 to open a bank account with them. Unfortunately he got scammed by a gadget ' mending' Internet company. He researched the company, all looked good so sent off his iPad to have a screen replaced at a cost of £29.99. This company then claimed that extra work needed doing, totally unrelated for £44.99. He rejected this extra work. The company is holding onto his iPad and showing no sign of ever carrying out this work. ( we did a bit of digging and this company never actually carries out any work)We rang lloyds and explained this situation. We want to get the iPad back and claim our money back. We hoped the bank could help us. We are told that because we turned down the extra work then there is nothing they can do to help us as it is a change of mind situation!!!!!!!!!!!!We never wanted anything more doing that a replacement screen and paid for that upfront. How can this be right??????
            

                Since Lloyds separated from TSB, I now get very good service, beforehand it was a shambles so I left.
            

                The most trusted, decent bank in the UK. Nothing hidden, great customer service and fantastic online and mobile access. I've used them for 5 years and will never change.
            

                I've been with Lloyds for about 5 years now, my gf also wanted to open an account with them, so far it took 5 appointments (waste of time), they asked her to rewrite letter from employer 5 times, wording was not how it should be according to them, could not provide any standard employers letter form they will accept, on last appointment this older lady working there suggested we should go to some other  bank instead. Don't worry, we will. Terrible experience in this branch so far. Shes been dealing with Daniel Smith and this older lady (don't know her name) there.
            

                I`ve been with Lloyds for 20 years, my partner for 30. We had our first disputed payment with a garage that had not carried out the work that they had quoted for so we disputed the £400 credit card payment within minutes of it going through, the Section 75 team where obstructive and unhelpful to the point of stupidity (another garage carried out the work not done for £200 which was clearly shown on an invoice and also on a separate estimate as requested) however they choose to believe the original garage which said that the work not done would have cost £1,300 --- seriously would anyone pay £1,300 to have car carpet dried out ? It just all became too much effort, I really thought that Lloyds would have been on their customers side but they weren`t interested
            

                I have been with a number of banks over the years for both personal and business accounts.Lloyds have been by far the best bank I have been with. Great telephone customer service and every branch I have used the staff have been very polite and helpful.
            

                really poor customer service
            

                taken over 3 months to get a business account up and running, useless call centre putting you on hold passing you to god knows how many departments which you are in a queue for every one and your phone bill goes through the roof and you still seem to get nowhere,I've always banked with Lloyds and had no problems but the business banking side of things is a total waste of time and money, why they can't deal with this in branch is beyond me.DO NOT USE Lloyds business banking people
            

                they like when money comes in but very hard to get from them and really bad customer service don't go for this bank do not recommended I'm so happy that I changed my bank to Halifax
            

                We have a Lloyds Avios credit card, which did not apply the 20,000 bonus points after meeting the spend criteria. We called them on a Friday evening and by the Saturday morning at 9 am they called back to say they had investigated the issue and applied the points to our account.The customer service was excellent and exceeded our expectations.A company that knows how to put the customer first.
            

                So bank is open on Saturday, so the website says, when you get there, oh no, sorry that service is not available today, do you want a telephone number to call and make an appointment. Pathetic. I want a loan, ok sit down, answer some questions, then they ask a computer, No, so I have my credit report, off they go and make a phone call, come back. Yes. What a pathetic service.Been with these for years and every year they frustrate me, so I'm off to try another bank as Sandbach branch is rubbish and so is the management of Lloyds which make all the enforced rules which remove coman sence!
            

                I tried opening a new bank account for a new business venture and thought I would try Lloyds although I personally banked with Barclays. That was in May 14 and as of today I still haven't succeed in opening one. I believe I am a very successful business man in my own right with a net worth in excess of £millions but they initially wanted proof of my business address. The letter the sent requesting my business address was to my business address and asked if I would contact them. Needless to so the letter requesting this had no Lloyds contact address only fax and telephone numbers. Needless to say this numbers didn't exist and must have been switched off. Since then I have received two bank statements quoting sort codes and bank account numbers but the account isn't still open for business. I even sent the the title deeds of the business address stating the owner of the property as the company I owned the property I was opening the bank account for. 6 weeks ago they requested my accountant wrote to them still requesting proof of business address. They did it wasn't good enough and they dictated to me what my Accountants letter would say - I did this too only today to find out this too wasn't good enough, Approaching 7 months now and still even today I get promised returned phoned phones call which don't happen. I give up and am going somewhere else ... if I cared as much as these useless idiots I wouldn't have a job so they don't deserve one either and I hope the job centre piss them around as much as they piss their potential customers around. Enjoy your time on the dole as if anyone comes to me with a CV with Lloyds career on it, I would let them wait over six months in my reception and see how it feels.Well done Lloyds its taken nearly 7 months to truly piss me off.
            

                Though not terrible, I've not been very impressed with Lloyds. Their claims about wishing to be one of the best banks for customer service seem a little hollow with little to demonstrate any common sense to most of my queries or provide any other answers than those the computer gives out. I think I am moving both business and personal accounts to Handelsbanken - they make all decisions at the local branch which seems a lot more refreshing and logical.
            

                You gota love the add on tv BY YOUR SIDE. if you get into any difficulty's there sell your dept for penny's to companies like Cabot who then make massive profits from your misfortune and the banks give away all your information this practice has no place In the UK when the tax payer bailed them out they still continued to sell dept for pence perhaps this is why they want to move out of the UK as this practice is slowly coming to light and the UK people have had it with Banks who behave In this way.
            

                If I could give them no stars I could. This bank has not only been rude and drisciminated agaisnt me every time I have been in but today they were out of this world rude! I tried to even discuss with the manager my problem and he straight away had his employees back would not even deal with me. I'm appalled by their lack of customer service not only will I be switching banks but will but contacting the papers for their disgusting behaviour.
            

                Best bank on the high st
            

                I am very happy with the Lloyds Bank for the last 4 years and that their service is fantastic, so professional so far.Con is - I would not use their service for the currency outside the UK because they are so expensive, so I use weswap.com card to save money.
            

                I have never had problems with Lloyds, the service is good. I always got help from employees of the shop floor.  Haven't used my card abroad much as i am charged per every transaction, even in it was made in the EU.
            

                Unfriendly, unhelpful and difficult to access customer services.
            

                I've always found Lloyds services to be professional and efficient whether this was in branch, online banking, over the phone or when receiving notification alerts. Only this morning I had locked myself out of my account online (my most recent mishap), and so called their customer service team. The two gentlemen I spoke to were very patient and helpful, and all was resolved within a very short period of time. I'd like to thank the who team for their helpful assistance over the years, and for the continued assistance I'm sure I'll need. You have a fantastic team and deserve the praise.
            

                Lloyds always give a reliable service and arranged my mortgage very quickly
            

                For me Lloyds have been brilliant. After the break from TSB and Lloyds (some of my accounts were split between the two banks) TSB were charging me fortunes, moved all my accounts to Lloyds. Business account service charges were 1/5 as much and the business manager even dropped and collected the paper work to my house. 10/10 Personal touch!
            

                I am just sick of that bank. You are abroad, try to make transfer online. They are calling you back with some code to type in, then they will suspend your online banking and won't allow that transfer to get trough. (you typed that code correctly). than number to call - to unlock suspended account, but how can I top up my o2 card to call You back if You suspended everything??? It is not the first time tbh. as soon as I will come back, I am cancelling that account, one BIG joke.
            

                Poor customer service. The few branches remaining have ridiculous queues.
            

                Nothing but helpful in my experience, great online banking.
            

                takes a while to get matters resolved
            

                I have just had the best customer service experience as a business account holder. The service in branch is just great!  Two members in my local Gosforth branch stand out a mile for their helpfulness AND patience, Diane and the lovely lady with black hair!  I have also found the helpline really friendly and understanding.  I am very happy with my Lloyd's business account
            

                Dreadful service  had to demand a manager to speak tome  , they keep telling me I cant have an overdraft or a loan due to my credit  file but according to all the agency's my credit file is fine ,  They keep you hanging on the phone they have no idea  how to  treat customers who have banked with them fora few years . Well I am off to another bank after banking with them for 7 years and never ever going overdrawn or borrowing . When I want to make house improvements They are just so unhelpful I have made 3 phone call now all last more than 30 minutes and no one can give me any answers.
            

                I had an unauthorized charge on my credit card and the service staff has been very friendly and help me to solve this problem quickly. Thank you
            

                I had a issue with Men's store timberland in Trafford centre when purchasing 2 pairs of jeans. I was charged for 3 pairs and when I have escalated this matter with the bank which is lloyds as the items was purchased with a Lloyds Credit card, they went in favour of the store even though it clearly shows on my receipt that a pair of jeans has been paid for twice as it shows the same barcode on both the products on the receipt. I am under the impression timberland banks with Lloyds and that's why Lloyds made this decision as to not rock the boat as they already have senior members of staff been imprissoned for theft and fraud and now they are actually promoting theft is acceptable if your a retailer stealing from a customer.This is not the first time I've had issues with this bank as previously my elderly mum who's disabled was called into branch twice due to her account. It was froze and went to the frauds team for no apparent reason. She is 80 years old and struggled to walk. On the first appointment we was told everything would be resolved with identification but then a few days later the restrictions was still on and we couldn't withdraw money from her account. When we queried this again, we was told the paperwork was not submitted and my mum had to come to branch again with her identification for the 2nd time. It was on the 2nd appointment I closed her account and transferred to a better bank which has never caused us any issues unlike Lloyd. Disgusting service form Lloyds and avoid like the plague. Incompetent staff and extremely poor service with unsympathetic staff teams! I will be closing all my accounts down with this bank. Anyone else experiencing problems contact trading standards and the Ombudsman.
            

                Abysmal service throughout - don't expect even the simplest task to be completed unless you are willing to do it over and over again. Perhaps on the 3rd or 4th attempt? In hindsight I would have gone with one of the non high street banks.
            

                The Spalding branch of the bank was reduced some years ago when one of the branches was closed.  At that time customers were promised that no long queues or service reductions would result.  The existing branch in Spalding has four cashiers desks but only two are ever manned leading regularly to long queues waiting for service.  When I commented on the level of service I was told that "usually" two cashiers are adequate to deal with demand.I have tried going to the bank on different weekdays and at various times in the morning and afternnon but the result is, without fail, a queue of customers waiting for service.  This situation is aggravated by businesses requiring longer service than general customers at the available cashiers desks.Yet again today I went to the bank as I need to - generally only once per month - and was greeted with a queue being held by those requiring service for their businesses.When I finally reached the cashier an apology was made for keeping me waiting and a demand to know why I failed to use a cash card to pay my credit card bill and withdraw cash.  It would appear that I must comply with the requirement of the bank to have a cash card (which I do not have or want) to gain any level of service; I feel this attitude by the bank to be not only intrusive but an act disclosing the fact that I am there to serve the bank rather than it acting for me whilst it uses the money in my account to make profits.If the bank has no wish of my custom it would be appreciated if this could be made clear.  If it wishes to retain my custom and goodwill it is incumbent on the bank to improve both its attitude and its level of customer service.I have attempted to make a complaint with regard to the level of service on the bank's web page but the service is not operating!!If anyone from the bank bothers to read this it would be interesting to see their comments.Addendum:I finally managed to contact Llioyds Bank Customer Services with my complaint using their online sevice.  I received an acknowledging email asking me to call them which I did.  The call was answered by a Scottish accented person and as a result I believe the contact was in Scotland.During the almost one sided diotribe extolling Lloyds Bank, advising me that rhe local manager had everthing under control and was totally correct in all that was going on I was virtually unable to put my point until I forcfully interjected.  However the individual I spoke to (granted paid by Lloyds) was totally unwilling to consider that the service was poor or that there may be a case for consideration.  The impression gained from the output made on behalf of the bank was in principle, "we are right, you are wrong and if you don't like it take you business elsewhere"; this, naturally was denied as ever being said but the intimation was certainly present.And banks wonder why they have such a poor reputation.
            

                I will miss this bank! Lloyds has always been great, I've banked with them for 3 years now and received annual cinema tickets as a benefit of their current account. I've never had any issues with customer services over the phone - online banking works a gem. Fraud teams work quickly to resolve issues. Can't say the same for my branch experience, but they're a lot better than Santander and HSBC! Unfortunately for me (and Lloyds), I am trying out a different bank who is offering £200 for me to switch! I don't get anywhere near that amount with annual interest payments these days...


                Customer of 30 years shut out of account and asked where money putting into account coming from.  No apology.  Not interested in making apology.Big Brother is already here!  Disgusting.  I will be taking my money elsewhere and advise EVERYONE  to bank elsewhere.  Mind you when you go in bank can hear the echo - very few staff or customers.  Perhaps they have been treated the same.  NO CUSTOMER CARE.
            

                Two of my friends who just moved to London asked me which bank they could use and I suggested Lloyds because their application looked pretty simple, I now regret it so much! We did the application online, pretty simple, we went to the branch in Piccadilly Circs and that's where our nightmare started! One the employers reviews the proof of address which is the employer's letter and she says very rudely that it's not good, we needed to put a date in there and an address confirmation, I ask her then if there's anything else I need to know and she says that it will be ok after that. So promptly my friends go to the employers and fix the problem, we go back to the same branch and again one of the employers tells us that there's a problem and again we need to fix the letter, we took 3 times before we would even get their attention properly and they would finally explain to us all things which must be done correctly. I hope this review will be seen by someone in Lloyds that will be able to take the right disciplinary actions against the employers in that branch and perhaps replace them with someone who really cares about customers, but of course from now on I will not recommend anyone this bank an I will advise friends and relatives to do not keep an account in Lloyds.
            

                Jane based in leeds through the phone banking, couldn't of been any more helpful. Well done Lloyd's. Lovely lady talked me through all the right steps I'd need to take to sort myself out 5*
            

                An absolute disgrace. They've decided to charge me an unplanned over draft fee when I'm not even over drawn. Every single time I've had a problem with money being taken out, lost or problem with the bank, I've always had some cocky guy down the phone. So F you lloyds, I'm changing banks you're a terrible company and need to employ people with actual communication skills. Absolutely disgusting. Hope yous rot in hell.
            

                Lloyds have decided to block my current account and I am unable to use it or make any payments without going into a branch with photo ID.  I spoke to the Fraud section assuming that this was a security problem but they told me they had not put a marker on my account.  Back to the helpdesk and they were unable to offer any explanation other than my account hadn't been used much recently.  This is rubbish, my account has been  used as frequently as ever. My past experience of Lloyds leads me to believe this is another ploy to get me into the branch so one of their awful bank staff can give me the aggressive sales pitch that Lloyds employ on their customers.  I will be moving banks next week - to a provider most people seem to be moving to now and who seem to manage to be successful without using these underhand techniques.  I am not surprised to learn that Lloyds is the most complained about bank.
            

                So I joined Lloyds Bank 2 months ago having previously banked for 30 years with Santander. Now I'm regretting changing.  In the last two months there have been a catalogue of mistakes made by this bank and I'm truly shocked at how bad it is as I thought Lloyds were a reputable business. Staff are incompetent and each time I have called them to fix a problem I get conflicting advice from each advisor, which then turns out to be wrong. My numerous calls to their customer helpline have equated to up to 4 hours worth of phone costs as you wait 10 minutes on hold to be answered  before  half an hour further wait whilst you're passed from one department to another as no-one seems to be able to help with the simplest of problems. I have been compensated each time which is fair enough but this simply seems to be so they can close the complaint down as in their opinion it's been resolved, this is all well and good but the mistakes keep happening one after another!!   I opened the account online and at the same time applied for an overdraft. All went through fine. Then two days before the switch I receive a letter from Lloyds telling me that I've gone into an unauthorised overdraft and will be charged. My account hasn't even gone live yet!! When I questioned this they said the £17 charge per month for the account had already been taken and as I don't have an overdraft this results in a fee.  I explained I had applied and been accepted for an overdraft at the time of setting up the account they checked and established the overdraft had indeed been applied for but not been processed possibly due to a "glitch on the website at the time".   I was compensated and an apology given.  I then had to call repeatedly to ask for my welcome pack and insurance policy details - after the third call I was compensated again and three weeks after the account going live I finally received my information pack. I applied for a cheque book which never arrived. I then stupidly changed my name to my married name and needed my cards updated to reflect this. This request seemed to be beyond their skill set as two new cards were issued to me with the wrong details on. After me chasing this finally at least one account card was sent with the correct details on. The card to my second account  however never arrived and when I chased this they stopped all my cards which left me stranded in central London with no access to funds!!  At the time of the call the operator assisting me seemed so incompetent I double checked the right card was being cancelled and she assured me that was the case three times. Hey presto 6 hours later no cards linked to my account will work.  I now have to wait 5 days to get access to new cards and my funds.  Absolutely disgusting level of incompetence. After just 8 weeks with them I'm closing my account and moving to a proper bank. Don't bother with them!!
            

                I found the service quite ridiculous to be honest.I was referred by a friend and applied online for the Avios rewards credit cards. In spite of a spotless credit history and other card applications going through swiftly with other banks, I was told that I had to pop in to a local branch to show my ID. Sure, fine. The email stated that I could come in with my EU issued driving licence. At my local branch (Cabot sq., Canary Wharf) my EU licence was declined because "it's not a photocard". Unfortunately my government will not change the format of their driving licences just to please Lloyds Bank. I was told to come back with my passport. Needless to say I will do no such thing, and will set out to find a friendlier bank to spend money with.
            

                Fraud happened on my account in 2015.  Unauthorised transactions via debit card.  On the day I found out, I made 17 phone calls to the bank.  Nothing was done.  The fraud continued.  Two days later I got through to the fraud department, and immediately after completing security the phone was put down on myself.  The fraud continued.  I made a lot of calls to them during this period about the situation.  But nothing was done, and the fraud continued.  I had one woman, when I asked her to cancel the direct debit card and issue a new one, say that she was not going to do what I want "in case I complained about her doing what I was asking for" - figure that out.  I had one from Scotland tell me that I was obnoxious among other things.  Only to be later shame faced  when I had yet again gone through their security process to only be refused again.  He said in a much lowered voice "I know" when I told him that I had been refused again.  The trouble is that they kept on saying I needed to go through security for them to deal with the situation, but even if I went through security they still did not do anything.  I also have recordings I made of myself passing security.  They then decided to raise the bar.  Now I needed to go into a branch and supply a photo id, something to which they had not asked for before.  Also during the course of this one of their staff decided to accuse myself of being aggressive and using threatening behaviour.  Despite the facts being presented to lloyds that a) if I was being these things then why when the woman left the room did she come back b) she cut the interview short saying I needed to come back in the afternoon and see the manageress of the branch c)when I did reappear in the afternoon she had not the faintest of who I was or why I was there - does this sound like someone who had been threatened and abused by myself in the morning.  Surely you would instantly recognise the tormentor especially after only three hours had passed.  I recently took them to a small claims court to recover what they claim they would definitely refund - at least in their literature.  They completely missed the 14 deadline to defend their position.  But have since, once they got a default notice judgement and to pay all the money immediately assigned a solicitor to the case.  They are coming out with the same crap.  i had not passed security, that I was aggressive and threatening to one of their staff etc.. interestingly, even though they are supposed to be explaining why they missed the 14 deadline to respond they are instead trying to influence a stay of judgement through what they claim has happened - no mention of why they missed the deadline.  If they do somehow fool the judge and this does go to a small claims court I would like to hear them explain away the recordings and the behaviour of threat woman who accused myself of being aggressive and threatening.
            

                Went into this supposedly internationally well know bank to do two things….. we asked to draw out some cash from our Australian ANZ bank account.  After asking and producing a photo driver’s licence as identification – we were summarily dismissed and asked for Passports – which were locked away in safe in the hotel – we were then refused any cash by the teller – and told to use the ATM outside.    We then wanted to trade in a couple of “old” five pound notes – but were told that we could not do this as we had NO account there --- duhhhhhhh --- we were from Australia!    So thanks for nothing Lloyds- we will not deal with you again – our British friends and family who (currently anyway) have accounts with you were shocked and disappointed to hear how we were treated.
            

                I would give them zero stars if I could. The staff at the branch in London were very rude, useless and I decided to change banks. It's quite funny really as my monthly wage is the equivalent of at least 20 standard customers. Lots of business lost there because of your staffs lack of social skills.
            

                Have banked with Lloyds for 18 years. Had my student account with them. Until recently I held my current, joint current, personal savings, joint savings, ISA, credit card, mortgage and children's savings accounts.Due to appalling service over the last year (and really since the split with TSB) I have closed the joint account, both savings, the ISA and the credit cards. I will be closing the children's savings soon, the mortgage when the term finishes (in 7 months) and finally my current account when all the rest is sorted.The online service is stuck in the 20th Century. It regularly fails and always at a weekend, conveniently not to inconvenience business customers. Their fraud department is over zealous on safe transactions but struggles to identify real fraud. I used to travel to Japan a lot, I had informed them of this, but every time I tried to book a plane ticket (no more than £800) the fraud department would flag it up.The call centre staff have been getting progressively ruder, snottier and incapable of helping. To be fair they're probably fed up of being on the receiving end of annoyed customers due to their company's inability to function.The branch staff are no better. The final straw was when I was attending a Japanese friend's wedding. I needed 5 ten pound notes to give as a gift and wanted to withdraw fresh notes as is the custom. The bank staff couldn't help, were completely unsympathetic and offered no attempt at a solution. I was told "we can't do that, and the atms haven't been filled today so they won't have any." Unbelievable that a bank can't manage to scrounge up 5 flipping notes.They are a complete shower and stuck in the last century. Don't waste your time with them.
            

                Lloyds Bank have one of the best online Banking services but the worst customer care I have ever experienced in more than 40 years of Banking. As I type this they have kept me waiting 35 minutes and counting. What kind of complaints process forces the customer to stay on the phone whilst one department of the Bank talk to another. Sadly though I am sure Lloyds Bank don't care about my custom hopefully enough people will go to their competition and they will listen to the voice of the customer. I wish I could give zero stars.
            

                Much improved service and the website is now clearer
            

                I wish I could have given no stars! I used to bank with Lloyds until, in their wisdom, they sold off my branch to TSB. The Lloyds branch that I regularly used was West Kirby so they know my face.Today I called in to exchange 50 pennies from my granddaughter's money box for a 50p piece. I was asked if I was a Lloyds customer and explained that I had been moved to TSB. The "lady" behind the counter told me to go to TSB to do the transaction. I explained that the nearest TSB branch to me was in Flint in North Wales. She replied, with a smirk on her face, that there was a branch in Liverpool which is 12 miles away.I thanked her very much for all her help and left.How glad am I that I no longer belong to that awful organisation.
            

                I have just received mail they are sending my account to debt collection for £4.50p 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ Obviously an oversight but this is why a brain is sometimes needed . How can a small unarranged overdraft go so far??? And to make matters worse when I opened the account a few years back someone fraudulently spent £250 . This money 💰 got refunded 10 months later negatively effecting my banking credit score . They removed the overdraft availability and wouldn't add one back . I should never have opened this account
            

                We endured a very unsatisfactory holiday along with 89 other people.  Many of them did chargebacks on their debit cards and some were successful.  Lloyds however would not entertain our chargeback request saying we had not given them enough information although we offered to supply more information from the very beginning.  They have lost us a lot of money.  Totally useless.  Avoid this bank.
            

                Love that advert with the horse running around saving the world. What rubbish not mention of their part in the banking crisis. Ppi miss sold fee accounts and outrageous bonuses to the bosses.
            

                I have banked with Lloyds for over 40 years without any problems. But they have let themselves down since introducing there everyday offer con. This is just to let people know that Lloyds monitor all activities on your debit cards and if you use the same shops for your payments they will not appear in your everyday offers. But if you contact them they tell you they put alternate shops on you offers. This means you will not get any cash back on your card.
            

                I cashed a cheque for £250 and the stupid woman did something wrong and I am still trying to get my money. I am calling the police and going to the Coventry telegraph about this. Coventry high street stole my money.Do not touch this bank!! WARNING
            

                Gave me an increse on my credit card that I did not want,  then six weeks later I received a letter from lloyds bank informing me that the increase has been withdrawn because of information held with a company called call credit.Today, I have closed my savings account paid off the credit card and will be closing my current account within days.Will never return as a customer !
            

                Top in WORST banks!Snobbish, unethical and incompetant branch staffs. First, I am a customer but I was left feeling that I need to beg them to approve the opening of my account. Totally under informed and not trained to deal with expats and only follows so-called "Protocol/Database" that varies in the hands of different banking advisors at different branches.Poorly treated with unwelcoming attitute by a Personal Banking Advisor named "Loreta Cirkova" that raise her voice and telling me "Your are not listening Sir" when I am trying clarify the required documents that I was told sufficient proof for bank opening by the advisor over the telephone but declined in branch. FYI, the amount of my income tax alone is definately worth more than your monthly income. My housing rental is worth more than what you can afford for monthly dispoble. SORRY you just lost my business!But I must give credit to their friendly telephone-line advisor which I have to give credit for their patient and effort to understand my situation as an expat whom just relocated and in need to start a bank.
            

                Have had no trouble with lloyds bank - lloyds insurance however is a whole different story! It is impossible to get your problem dealt with. 2 days for a manager to call you back, 5 days for customer relations (apparently) to contact you. If you have a problem today - you need to deal with it today!!! This is motor insurance for goodness sake!!! It can't be left hanging for days on end leaving someone potentially uninsured for lloyds insurance errors!!!!  They are truly not interested if there is a problem - what a terrifying thought if you need to make a claim on your policy!!!!
            

                worst lloyds branch in the country I have ever been to ! They do not care about customer service at all. Lauren was standing in middle of branch when i came in and would not let me go to cashier kept talking and rudely replying that I do not know what i am doing, so bitchy. Avoid at all costs!!! Sutton branch deals same request within few minutes but Mitcham! Unbelievable. So rude.
            

                I've banked with Lloyds for 25 years so I'm in a position to inform people what they are getting involved with if they choose to bank with Lloyds...They were good at first but have rapidly gone down hill over the years whereby I would describe them as unethical, immoral and they have no interest in providing a service, they're just interested in getting your money and as much of it as they possibly can.I could go on but let me point out 3 of the most important points/ experiences I've had with these people and make upyour own mind...1. They allowed fraud to be committed on my account whereby £1600 of charity money went to a TSB account (their sister company) yet Action Fraud say they couldn't do anything because they could not get the details of the receiving bank. This is because Lloyds would not help. They neither refunded and did not respond to a written complaint. They obviously do not care about the suffering that has been caused to abused animals as a result of this money going missing 2. They left me stranded abroad and would not help even though it was their mistake they stopped my account. I had to use my return ticket to fly back and sort the problem out because they left me with literally zero money. They offered me £50 compensation. Again, they couldn't care less.3. They hard sell and I opened a new account elsewhere so I could bank in peace.  One of their employees who was trying to sell me insurance took me into a room and gave me the story of how her niece died of cancer and that yes, cancer does affect people my age to get me to buy the policy! There is a distinct difference between the working practices of Lloyds and my main bank First Direct. Just the way Lloyds manage bank accounts and your transactions is all tailored to cream as much money from you as possible.First Direct do not do this.Today myself and two business friends have closed our accounts because of this and as a result lloyds have lost £500k between us and I will continue to inform people what Lloyds has done.Don't make the mistake banking with Lloyds. I guarantee you will regret it.
            

                have been with Lloyds for a number of years and whilst in the beginning they seemed to be ahead of most of the pack - no cumbersome gadget to do online banking, jazzy app - they have now downgraded their services to that of late 19th century. Pretty much EVERYTHING requires you to go to the branch - seriously?? I have had accounts since late 90's that did not require this. They have also taken away the secure messaging function; something EVERYONE offers. They either want you to call them (really not worth a bother, I promise you - things do not get done, or get half done, or get done wrongly and you have no trail to go back on) or actually revert to 19th century and go into branch. And even that you might have to actually do twice as not in all branches at all times there are people who can help you with complex stuff such as, I dunno, changing your home address. I had to make an appointment to actually do this in branch as the afternoon I popped in (and these "pop in" things also inevitably require time off work, yet to catch up on some of us also working Saturdays, how about at least one late night or early morning, chaps? Even Post Office and NHS surgeries offer this!!) I have just taken all the money from my account, moving to not exactly 21st century but at least late 20th century high street provider who don't want to drag me into bank or have me phoning for everyone - at least there is secure messaging section which pretty much sorts all individual issues one might have. And even cumbersome gadget can nowadays be replaced with TouchID or other security info. I shan't bother closing the one with Lloyds though, as that also requires you to call or go into branch. Oh, and forget about emailing them any other way either - they hide this info like off shore tax affair!!
            

                A decent bank but doesn't offer the same opportunity as ratesetter.com, where they give savers a £100 bonus after one year on any investment of £1000 or above. So with ratesetter, you are effectively getting a return of 10% on a £1000 investment, as well as the prevailing interest rate, which is way higher than you can get in a normal savings account. If you use the link below (replacing 'dot' with '.') you will get the £100 when you join: http://link(dot)ratesetter(dot)com/xkskxkv
            

                Lloyds Bank is great for club lloyds rewards. It allows me to choose from Cinema Tickets, Magazine subscription and even Gourmet membership.It used to be great with 4% interest, but now it has been slashed dramatically, still slightly better than other banks.However, today is probably my worst banking experience with Lloyds. It basically blocks all my genuine transactions online. I had to phone 4 times today regarding 4 separate payments. This is the only odd problem I have had with lloyds recently. Prior today, I have no problems regarding online payment bank transaction.To be fair, the customer service are friendly to resolve the issue.
            

                PROS: - Online banking is SO EASY TO USE compared to HSBC who really need to catch up- Customer service on the phone each time has been with someone WITHOUT a heavy accent so is easy to understand (Im from the UK)- Helpful customer service on the phone and accommodating.CONS:- they charge you a service fee each time your account goes below zero when they should give you a warning like HSBC would.Overall this bank (although not as popular as HSBC), has been by far a much easier bank to work with and is the 'modern' type of bank we all need to switch to :)
            

                My dad deposited money directly into my account and it took 2 weeks to come through. I was issued a refund from Groupon and  it took longer than 2 weeks to come through. The customer service was/is really really bad!
            

                I have not find such incapable bank staff in any other bank who even do NOT have any knowledge of what documents are needed for account opening.First of all, for simple task, they spent 10 min with one customer and you will puzzle when your turn will come. anyway, I have submitted documents after waiting in queue for 35 min in Lloyd bank branch for acc opening. Staff has done wrong scanning. Later I have visited again the branch and she has not even have clue of needed doc. 3 times I have visited branch now and again, got another letter saying that can I submit my resident card .Can not think of such staff of large bank !!
            

                Lloyds bank overdraft charges  should be challenged in court as they are grossly disproportionate.   Trying to challenge the bank over my cousins overdraft charges the bank will not refund any money as it keeps preaching the Supreme Court ruling which hasn't completely given clarification.  The Supreme Court roles in regards to bank charges that the office of fair trading had no right or jurisdiction to determine the fairness of charges.  Consumers were in titled to challenge banks under other criteria as the court rolled it as I say or charge was part of the service and the banks were in titled to the charge but this could be challenged under the under the terms consumer contract regulations 1999 .  This act has now been appealed and the consumer rights act 2015 which supersedes any challenges that was made within the court being the Supreme Court .  Consumers now can challenge and this act of parliament which is the consumer rights act 2015. SCHEDULE 2 unfair contract terms which may be regarded as unfair. The part that I am talking about is subsection 6 of the list below. PART 1 List of terms1A term which has the object or effect of excluding or limiting the trader's liability in the event of the death of or personal injury to the consumer resulting from an act or omission of the trader.2A term which has the object or effect of inappropriately excluding or limiting the legal rights of the consumer in relation to the trader or another party in the event of total or partial non-performance or inadequate performance by the trader of any of the contractual obligations, including the option of offsetting a debt owed to the trader against any claim which the consumer may have against the trader.3A term which has the object or effect of making an agreement binding on the consumer in a case where the provision of services by the trader is subject to a condition whose realisation depends on the trader's will alone.4A term which has the object or effect of permitting the trader to retain sums paid by the consumer where the consumer decides not to conclude or perform the contract, without providing for the consumer to receive compensation of an equivalent amount from the trader where the trader is the party cancelling the contract.5A term which has the object or effect of requiring that, where the consumer decides not to conclude or perform the contract, the consumer must pay the trader a disproportionately high sum in compensation or for services which have not been supplied.6 A term which has the object or effect of requiring a consumer who fails to fulfil his obligations under the contract to pay a disproportionately high sum in compensation.
            

                If i could, I would give even more starts to Lloyds Bank. I am with Lloyds Bank more than 5 years and i would not change my bank ever. Always kind, always very helpful and their customer service is absolutely excellent. Fraud or dispute with a supplier....Lloyds Bank was always here for me to help and they never let me down. Dear Lloyds Bank i am your massive fan!!
            

                Lloyds, You are shocking! You employ people who lack training, knowledge, and experience who are rude and arrogant. Despite being as thick as the proverbial Pig ****, My IQ was higher at 9years old that the alleged adult I spoke to. The idiot I dealt with is based in Coventry. Don't ask a question in their, their only hope of giving you the correct information is to Google it. Tried to do something their, the experience was terrible, abusive uneducated staff....so contacted RBS, got solution, outcome and result in 25 minutes flat! RBS made Lloyds look very stupid.  No that is a bit strong, RBS did a simple thing well, Lloyds were incapable.
            

                I choose a lloyds development loan to build our dream home after being advices by the branch manager that this would be a great way to do so. Lloyds would then change it over to a domestic mortgage once we complete the build.Since I had a default in my credit file, I wanted to make sure they still wanted to deal with us. "-no problem. Lloyds will look at your situation in a big picture and thus this will not affect you.", he said smiling and convincing.We took our savings, paid the deposit and got started.1 1/2 year, 3 branch managers later and with all our credit cards, savings emptied and additional funds borrowed from relatives (after recommendation to do so on advice by the bank (to finish build within estimated time), we completed the build. It was middle of July with holidays coming up.After the banker assured himself the build was complete, he said the bank would not offer a mortgage and would be looking to re-coup the build finance at earliest convenient. He then disappears on holiday for next 3 weeks.We didn't even have money left for food and had to borrow more from our relatives. The bank couldn't care less since they now had full security for their lending.The reason they couldn't keep the initial agreement was that they now claimed they didn't know about the default. I pointed out the document and that it was mentioned in a written pm by the manager. It's documented he knew. No difference. We had to sell.We did so to a very low price. Brought the issue to the ombudsman who acknowledged the evidences but said it was unlikely the bank would have done anything wrong and dismissed us.All plans for our entire family has since gone down the drain. Actually the whole life has done so.All because of lying bankers afraid to admit they've done wrong, be it because of changed policies or whatever, they lied and they know it while swing a family going under.Shame on mr NS who can live with this knowledge, shame on Lloyds who doesn't care, shame on FO who (financed by the banks) only look to cover their employers wrong doings, and shame on governments who allow such immunity to the entire financial system.My review? I wouldn't even bother to sum it up......
            

                After buying a vehicle which was promised full service history on my credit card I had to initiate a chargeback after 3 months due to the merchant lying through his teeth about the vehicle having it , I spent days preparing all the paperwork to email off , after I sent it off I had a letter saying case closed as they called the merchant and he said he has the service history there for me to uplift ( 4 months after the vehicle was purchased ) I tried to explain that this is a lie and can you try to enforce the delivery of the documents promised at the point of sale , they refused point blank and said due to the merchants statement on the phone the case is closed , I am now in the process of starting a formal complaint so I can then take it to the FOS once the complaint is processed Anyone with a shred of common sense would of saw through the car dealers lies about him having the service history at the garage ready for me 4 months after the vehicle was purchased , I think they look to do the minimal amount of work involved in investigations
            

                The amount of stress and time wasted in the calls with their robots is endless. I don't even remember all the flaws and issues I experienced with their phone service.Dumbest phone service I have ever experienced globally.
            

                Our local Lloyds branch in Coventry provide us with outstanding service but we have had a long running dispute with the Head Office over miss-selling, going all the way back to 2007. Their treatment of us has been quite dreadful and very dismissive, to the point of being rude, arrogant and very unfriendly. We have now taken our complaint to the Ombudsman, something that we never wanted to do, and once resolved we will I'm afraid be taking our business elsewhere. Why on earth would we want to stay?
            

                Account Reference: 11320567I am experiencing the following issue: I have been calling the out of hours team since my initial complaint on the 1st of October in Gran Canaria. I have been dealt with diabolically so far spoken to several people who have transferrred me to the Halifax? I have screen shotted all of my calls totalling over 5hours most of which occured in the canaries, i have been called a liar and a thief by complaints managers, had not one call returned. I have submitted payment to have my bank account notes released as i was advised there are offensive comments being left by your employees. We are now on the 20th october and nobody seems capable other than hanging up on me, terminating my calls, issuing me with final warnings, all the calls have been listened to, i called again last night and spoke with Luke Sanders who agreed the treatment was disgusting but then told me my attitude would not be tolerated and terminated my call. If i have attitude it is because i can prove your employees are no adequately trained have failed to deliver on assurances of call back then Luke refused to cover the cost of last nights call saying i was offered the option of a call back - in fact every call you listen to I have been assured a call back and it has to date never happened, therefore i chose not to believe this and stayed on the line and waited. I think it is perfectly understandable not to believe i would recieve a call back when you have listened to all of the calls.To action this I would like you to I would like you to train your staff sufficiently, inform them that customers can record all calls also and prove that they are dishonest and inform them leaving derogatory comments on a customers notes is not acceptable and only antagonises the situation further, if they had any common sense they would realise that we can obtain copies of all notes and comments recorded.I look forward to a response within 7 days of this correspondence.Please reply to my resolver email account as I would like to keep all of my communications in my personalised complaints case file.Yours faithfullyGary Whitehill I have forwarded you an email this morning in relation to last nights call with Luke Saunders. As stated in my earlier email with the call charges from calling you abroad three times for over four hours in total obviously had an effect on my data package, whilst I have to accept you still think me dishonest and a thief please see the above which will highlight along with the other screenshots you are in receipt of proving I am neither.
            

                Thanks to lloyds Debit card disputes department for their swift application of the 'chargeback' facility. After having money stolen by ToolAndFix.com one phone call to the bank yesterday afternoon put my mind at rest. This morning The Bank!! Gave me the money back less than 24 hours later. 'Chargeback' spread the word.
            

                You are lucky to have a lady like Andrea in your customers service call centre, my apologies if I spell the name wrong.She was with me on the phone for half an hour and really really make me feel that my query is so important and she meet to the highest customer service standards possible.You are lucky to have an employee like Andrea.Thank you very much.As I promised I will give 200% satisfaction from your service.
            

                What an uttely shamefully disgusting company lloyds are to deal with. Had a minor accident with £1500 of damage. Took 4 weeks to inspect it andcthen never carried it through or paid my repair work. 2 months with no car and ended having to pay it out my own pocket. £123 ringing there call centres, my solicitor rang there head office and no mtter how many times they said there litigation department would call him back they lie.Lloyds have never the less recorded my iccident and not paid me one penny back but increased my premium instead . I have rang and rang week after week only to be ignored promising call backs and were are resolving etc. Well lloyds see you in court. Court papers submitted today after 8 months of giving you every chance in the world. Rude staff beyond belief. Legal fees alone and costs come to more than my repair. I hope you learn the hard way lloyds car insurance.yuor a truly disgusting company . You pass it off to axa insurance and take zero responsibility when it goes wrong. Well my contract states  lloyds car ins are my contractor. It is not my problem u sold it on to the 3rd party insurers who are impossible to contact.  60 hours of my time at £22 an hour will be also be claimed via the court hearing. All i have done is lose money in the process and give up my time ringing. Digracefully negligent supplier with the worst customer "innit attitude"of staff ive ever dealt with. Shamefull insurer and pne i will be leaving.
            

                Dear LIyodsI went today to pay my credit card bill at you branch located on Piccadilly Street London dealing with cashier at 16:30 Friday 30th September, the Cashier which I see every month there are Rude, do not look at the client and really need to push and express your need to make a payment She address to me like.... I was a dog..... never smile and really was not professional at all , I had to repeat 3 times I wanted to pay and the body language...? she even do not say please or thank you or look at you she stare the computer or the floor/..... I DO NOT NEED YOUR STAFF'S LOVE" ITS THE WORST FRONT DESK CASHIER I DEAL WITH AND TODAY WAS TO MUCH....... I BANK WITH HSBC AND you should GO THERE AND SEE HOW THEY TALK TO THEIR CLIENTS ! I told the cashier I just need to pay my LIoyds credit card after 2 minutes I had told her " please if you may be tired " I am not your dog" I told her I will call you Lloyds Bank to let you know about this last time for me in this branch dreadful experience and took her name on the badge," Tesco Cashier  staff on jermyn street SW1 London  are more proffessional than This Cashiers bank employee at Lloyds Piccadilly Branch London SW1 , I will never open a current account with LIyods I have a credit card but depressing unprofessional not tidy staff to deal with at the branch. banks Customer service level in this branch is dreaful and I am wondering if they know why they are on the payroll dealing with LIoyds's Clients at the Front Cashier Desk they should get to read there job description everyday before opening the bank.You should send mystery customer there everyday and check watch what they do and treat your clients !!!!!I will never go back to this branch even I live 2 minutes away and will never open any current or second bank account at Lloyds they treat you like dog and really watch your cctv please if you care a bit I really can't take it anymore every month there .....There is a cure to mediocrity ....... consumers are really not willing to be treated like dogs and please can you benchmark see HSBC Pall Mall SW1Y Branch how the staff is professional and tidy.Hope this will help you to re-ajust . by the way I will call or email to give you the name of the Cashier I dealt with today.Sincerely yours
            

                Happy to report that this was a wonderful customer service experience. Friendly individuals with in-depth knowledge of services available to me. Helped me out with numerous things around trying to switch banks as a Non-UK EU resident in the UK.
            

                Appalling customer service from the car insurance team, most difficult transfer to a new provider I have ever had, customer service team patronising and terrible attitude.
            

                I have experienced some bad customer service, but Lloyds took it to I have experienced some bad customer service, but Lloyds took it to another level. I never thought possible. These guys were truly spectacularly bad, with zero contrition or a sense of urgency to assuage customer concerns and pleas to improve their service. I have been trying to get car insurance and Lloyds bank keep blocking my credit card, preventing me from completing my purchase of the car insurance. What’s more, I have been to the local Lloyds bank, on recommendation of their telephone call centre agent, with my passport, ID and all the requisite information; obtained their assurances that the block on my card had been lifted, only to discover that the claim simply was not true. I resolved to call the call centre again, over the course of THREE days, with each call lasting over ONE HOUR ON HOLD to be passed on to a customer service agent. The last call on the third day even lasted 0NE AND a HALF HOURS!! The frustration was made even worse by one the call centre members asking me to tone down my anger, since she was not there to be abused, despite my not resorting to invectives or any foul language at any point. One other agent even had the audacity to say the long waiting times had nothing to do with her (it wasn’t her problem). I did raise my voice in frustration, and did apologise for this. How can the bank explain such a hideous service and utter contempt for their customers? AVOID THIS POMPOUS UTTERLY CONTEMPTUOUS INSTITUTION IF YOU KNOW WHAT IS GOOD FOR YOU. Their true colours are revealed when you need them to dutifully expedite  a transaction for you.
            

                Here are the feed for a 100 gbp transfer from UK to Romania, both currently in the EU.COUNTRY:	ROMANIASTERLING AMOUNT:	100.00 GBPCURRENCY AMOUNT:	100.00  GBP ?EXCHANGE RATE:	1 GBP = 1.00 GBPTYPICAL FEES:	9.50 GBP ?9.5% commissions? This 9.5% can be translated to:- from 20 working day a month Lloyds Bank makes you work 2 days for them. - from 8h you work on a day, Lloyds steals from you 48 minutes.- from 60 years lived on this earth, 6 years you are Lloyds slave.- 2016 has 253 working days. Congratulations, 25 days you are working for Lloyds Bank.- from every 10 people you see every day, Lloyds owns one of them.I understand the banking system, they need to make profits, but there is no justification for taking 9.5% from my money just for what at the end of the day for them is just a virtual transfer.Also, they don't have the LEI currency on the list for international transfers.
            

                Just waited 25 minutes for an answer to cancel car insurance after sale. They slapped a £48 cancellation fee . What a nice little earner, Del Boy would be so pleased, avoid.
            

                I dont know where to begin. I have recently relocated to Dubai and tried to make an international payment to my new landlord for rent, filed in his details and was told it would take 4/5 working days. fair enough, thats what I expected. After 5 working days I contacted Lloyds after questions from my current landlord about where the money was, after being on the phone for well over half and hour and transferred around different people I was told that the money should land in his account the following day. It didnt. On the 12th august(8 days after the payment was made) I contacted the bank again. Again I was on the phone for what seemed like an eternity and nobody wanted to talk to me. I eventually got through to the international transaction team who said that this 'Standard chartered bank' (middle bank) had haulted the payment until some security questions had been answered. I wasnt told this when I called so obviously wasnt happy with threats starting to come from my bank. I answered the questions and asked them to market the case as urgent. I explained my situation to the woman I spoke to and said how desperate I was that this needed to be resolved as I faced eviction and possible jail time as not paying rent is a legitimate reason for being jailed in Dubai. Did she care? of course not, nobody at Lloyds did. Because after it was marked urgent the payment wasnt followed up for another TEN DAYS. and was only evenuitally followed up after I filed an official complaint. In those 10 days I spent what seemed like a fortune on phone calls, had been evicted from my flat for not paying rent for two days without access to any of my belongings, including clean clothes as well as the landlord threatening to call the police on a daily basis. Most people would understand how urgent this was and how stressful this would make somebody after relocating to a new country but apart from Lloyds 'marking a note as urgent' they did nothing to chase my payment. Now I have managed to borrow money from a family member a few days ago to finally get access back to my flat and relieve the threat of jail time, but now owe a family member a significant amount of money. Lloyds still havent been able to chase my payment to put it back in my account and have said on numerous occations that they have tried and failed to contact standard chartered bank. FAILED TO GET A RESPONSE. I couldnt believe it, the bank Lloyds trust to transfer my money, they cant contact and I was even told from the manager of customer services that she doesnt think they have done anything wrong. I tried to explain that I was a Lloyds customer, not a standard chartered customer and it is Lloyds responsibility to make sure the money arrives at the required destination. I am happy to pay the transaction fees if this happens. I was denied the opportunity to speak to any senior member of staff to take this matter further which has just been typical of the service I have recieved. Since my latest conversation I have had no choice but to contact the financial services authority as each day which passes is costing my family money and nobody at Lloyds could care one bit. I refuse to accept that what is being done is adequate as this has gone on for 3 weeks now. Richard Wilson
            

                What a joke. A minor admin task on my mortgage. 4 weeks to complete in the terms I signed. Well.... Debacle begins. Lots of lost paperwork (God knows how many copies of things were provided to this incompetent set up)...  No status updates, no response to communications, audacity to try charging me a late fee when the actions are on them (probably as I cannot get any answer) complainta process that doesn't respond, no.escaluation route for cases, cases managed by email, branches (if you can find one open when you might be free to use it) very unhelpful and rude. Online support have no ability to do anything other than trow platitudes at youAvoid and go to any other provider even a bloody crook that you know is one, rather than this lot.
            

                Low Cost Holidays went under on 15th July 2016 swindling thousands of holiday makers to pay extra on travel, hotel and transfer costs. Despite notifying my credit card company Lloyds Bank, I have been given all sorts of lame excuses by their customer services staff bouncing meoff  to claim under section 75 all on the credit card claimant process and then their untrained staff asking me to  contact the same bank to claim under the travel insurance. I pay over £25 to Lloyds bank for travel insurance, road side services etc each month and have been taken for a ride.on this premier account. Please could all those who are waiting to hear from Lloyds Bank write more about their experience. We could perhaps write to the Guardian about our claim we could make a difference and write to the government rasing a petition. I have haf the worst experience with Lloyds far from rating to zero. I suggest if you hold a Lloyds credit card or bank account switch it now...
            

                OK...so I was a pawn caught up in the 2008 recession.. We lasted til early 2012. Under the advice from a BDM we were told that the only way to help save our businesses was to reloan, a decision which wasn't taken likely but under advice from the bank..1 week later after we signed for a new loan aggrement the BDM left Lloyd's bank.... A few months passed as we tried to recover only falling down the pan with a splash... We lost everything including our home (our pension) due to the stress, anquisty, shame and the way the Lloyd's bank recovery team abused there position, our proposals were thrown out everytime even when we had a plan to pay back the loan... The worst thing about this was the recovery team gave me 24 hours to come up with 60k when I came off the sick for 2 years ..  Then without us knowing, took my house off me and sold it to the same buyer I was dealing with in one of many if my proposals I offered the reciver  and recovery team.. Theft absolute theft. The bank took thier money and sent me a cheque for just over 20k and my tenants got evicted ...how is it the bank can do this...one day when I'm better I will fight this. Come on spire homes in Northampton help me out your agent messed up along with the LDA ....you all messed up....Shame on Lloyd's bank I hope you all sleep at night ...and would dearly like you to talk to me.. 07933091200 ..
            

                Was charged £80 overdraft fees for going less than £50 in the red. Absolutely disgusting that banks can get away with this. I'm now planning to set up another current account and leave this one overdrawn. Lloyds is one of 3 high street banks I've used in my life and by a long way the worst. Please don't switch to them.
            

                Always so polite, website is great to use for Banking, telephone banking is also a pleasure to use, great friendly staff.
            

                I find lloyds to be a  complicated bank    worst bank that I have dealt with
            

                Hi all, i used LLoyrds bank for my personnal account since 2 years with an loan of 2000£. Always paid on time. I created an limited company and I though it will be better to open my business account to manage better my situation, After lot of call, LLoyrds created my business account. GOOD new. But .... Yes always but with LLoyds BankI cant have an DEBIT CARD due to my credit score at 557 ( miss payment on small credit card £401).Now this credit card is clean. They prefer wait until I have few month of business to maybe create an Debit card. I earning £1800 /week. How they could refuse an Debit card ( block at £0) for this type of customer. I totally understand that I am not able to have an Credit card at the moment due to my bad management of my credit card. I using this business account only to paid my professionnal travel and transfer monney into my personnal account ( lloyds of course). I will solve the loan and move to an another bank ASAP. I am not borred at all to paid monthly fee with bank if I have an good service and no isues. LLoyds you again loose an customer who could be your next customer for an morgage at £200K in the next years......Apologize.
            

                I have banked with Lloyds for 25 years.  Earlier this year I paid money in via the out of hours deposit.  They lost the deposit and had the cheek to tell me that it takes 48 hours to credit cash paid in - this was an excuse they made up whilst they tried to find my money.  I hoped this would be an isolated event, however the next time I paid money they keyed in the wrong amount.  It transpired that I was credited with someone else's cash, and they were credited mine.Fast forward to today and I asked them to certify one of my bank statements to be used as ID as I am buying a property.  My solicitor needed them to certify my bank statement as I am a new client of the solicitor.  The bank refused to do so!  They told me that they only certify bank statements internally if you are buying one of their products or something from Scottish Widows!!!  I pointed out that I wouldn't need the statement certified by them if I was buying something internal.So folks, the moral of the story is, Lloyds bank will not be there when you need them.  25 years' custom down the drain.  Once the mortgage is sorted I will be leaving this bank and give my money to Nat West who actually do care about customers.
            

                Really rude and horrible customers service never ever going back there . Especially for Bussines customers avoid that branch
            

                one star if I could i would not give them any stars been in this bank for years was first in t.s.b then they joined up with lloyds then lloyds went it alone since then I have been charged with the most stupidest of charges 3p overdrawn 70p overdrawn yet had plenty of money in other accounts its a digusting bank avoid it at all costs I am leaving this bank shortly as soon as I sort out another mortgage lender .
            

                without delay change your bank others are so much better none of this ''freezing'' your account and stopping you using your card or worse your card swallowed for no good reason-they spy on customers and make lame excuses while they take their time noseying into your affairs better off saving the old fashioned way locked cabinate /safe somewhere safe away from greedy self induldgent money making corporations living off your interest because YOU the customer gets stuff all interest from any of these banks remove your money- they can no longer spy on you -or sell your private information to their sister companies...or make money off ''your money''' lets get rid of greedy corporations what are any of them without US)
            

                I was looking to open business account with them but reading comments here got me thinking ,cant afford to get my account or debit card frozen so  I 'll go with metro bank for now
            

                Three examples of poor service......When arranging currency for a trip to Switzerland, the Lloyds staff member was adamant that Switzerland used the euro for their currency..!!!When having a debit card 'swallowed up' by an ATM abroad (Middle East country), we called lloyds international desk for assistance. The staff member said go into the bank as it wasn't a weekend. The fact that the weekend in most Middle East countries is different to UK weekends seemed to not register with the staff member.Obtaining emergency currency while abroad., lloyds has a partnering arrangement with another company. The process was the currency would be delivered to our hotel....it wasn't and we requested to go to a outlet of their partner company. Having gone around a large city for an hour, the taxi driver who knew most of the city well declared he had never heard of the company outlet. We then walked around and by chance saw a outlet which arranged currency exchanges. As I looked over the service counter of the place I asked if they knew where the lloyds partner company outlet was. They didn't know. Then I pointed out that the paper of theirs letterhead was the name of the company!!!!Another time arriving at Nairobi after an internal flight from Mombassa (just escaped the riots!)., I wanted to withdraw funds from an airport ATM ....I had a problem. I called lloyds international desk. They asked me security questions one of which, how much cash I had taken out of my account on a date 2 weeks prior!,, no consideration that we had just escaped the middle of an ensuing al Shabab riot!!!Lloyds ....international support....forget it.....you're on your own....
            

                LLOYDS BANK ISLE OF MAN off shore stole my life savings accounts with around 62 000 pounds on it which I saved over period of last 25 years ...nobody bothered to explain ...did a complaint twice every time my predicament got even worse..customer service basically read my letter of complain back to me ?!!!..how crazy is that I complained that I can not access my accounts because they got restricted and asked for explanation WHY THEY GOT RESTRICTED AND INVESTIGATED FOR MONTHS TO NO END only to be told by complaint person that she investigated the matter and she CONCLUDED my access to them is not possible because they are restricted ?????....crazy...like MONTY PYTHONS skeet...second time around she just outright lied about the matter saying that actually one account was not restricted so it GOT closed down (lie)that other two been restricted all along (another lie I manage to get some money out of one of the accounts and WAS TOLD THAT IT WAS NOT RESTRICTED by the person doing transfers )..she does not even read her own replays ???.....now my accounts are in limbo I HAVE NO MEANS TO CHECK BALANCE over the phone or internet and even mail statements stopped .
            

                I booked a holiday and badabing what would you expect from Expedia they charged me twice. Anyway wouldn't my bank who is in control of my money step in and help its customer and just cancel the transaction? so that only one goes through? I have to wait 72 hours now in the hope that Expedia does it side of the deal and refunds me. So it is true any company can just fleece your bank account with Lloyd's BEWARE what a waste of time the customer service is as well.
            

                I have been with them ever since I moved to the UK and I am really happy with them. Easier than any-other bank to register especially when you just move here and you don't really have a good English - my account was open in half an hour with a really nice adviser. Never had any issue with them, always friendly staff.. I recommend all of my friends that move in the UK to go there.
            

                I opened a business account with them and I would like to warn as many people as I can that this is the worst bank to do business with. They will put a block on your account for days or even weeks because they forgot to do all the necessary checks when you opened the account in the first place. They will not let you know what is happening, they will not answer your calls, their employees are rude and indifferent. Your whole company will be on a standstill for days waiting for some information for what is happening. Day 7 now, I still don't know what information I need to give them for them to unblock my business account. This was the worst banking experience I ever had in my whole life.
            

                Having been enticed to Lloyds bank car insurance with a reasonable insurance quote for my Ford Mondeo ST200 V6, I decided to sell my vehicle and purchase a vehicle 2 years older, a Mitsubishi Shogun which was more suited for my lifestyle. I contacted Lloyds Bank to inform them of the change of vehicle to which I was told the underwriter could not insure this car and they would have to find another underwriter, after several minutes I was given my new quote! twice the price of my original policy....I was horrified, I googled other insurance companies and found that I could get the insurance at lots of other places for £200 cheaper! but and here is the final nail.... if you cancel for any reason from being car-less to dropping dead they charge you £55!Conning bast##ds! this is day light robbery, so I decided to cut my losses and cancel my policy and go to a better company and save £200.So my advice is, if this company Lloyds Bank offer you a competitive quote... don't take it! walk away fast, once they have you they will screw you!An unsupportive bad company!!DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!
            

                They were charging my mother over £300 more for home and contents insurance, than a quote with them online, for years. She was not aware that they were charging for £5000 shed cover and for her making a claim within the last three years, which they were aware she had not, as she had been with them for longer than that period. When I realised this and contacted them they could not care less. I was sent a letter with numerous irrelevant excuses and then a leaflet to complain to the ombudsman.My mother has been with Lloyds bank for over 40years and so trusted in them. It is worrying to think how many people that are not use to using the internet or comparison sites that Lloyds are taking advantage off, because they trust in their bank.I hope everyone that has been mistreated by Lloyds makes a complaint to the ombudsman so hopefully they are forced to change their ways.
            

                Every time I try to make a purchase on line my payment is always stopped by the fraud team, and I have to contact them too prove it is me making the transaction every time, it has now got to the point that there is no point in buying anything online anymore, I have been with Lloyds for years  I complained to my local branch in Dereham, and there answer was not our problem you need to contact the fraud team and sort it out with them I have contacted the fraud team several times over the last two months been to my branch twice told it will not happen again, tonight it happened again I was unable to buy something from Argos.There is no point in having a debit or credit card if this is happening every time. the only option for me is to change to a different Bank.We did not have this problem until the fraud department started doing this two months ago.Another loyal customer that you say you want to keep, moving somewhere else.Goodbye Lloyds you deserve it. for being unhelpful and rude to your customers.
            

                Engaging with this bank is an incredibly frustrating experience. Most companies today realise the importance of investing in their customer experience and retaining the loyalty of their customers but Lloyds seem to think it's ok to treat you as a stranger in every conversation and behave as though they are the only bank in the world. Lloyds need to urgently wake up to the fact it is the age of the consumer and if they don't deliver an expected level of service or fail to treat customers respectfully, they will walk away. I have and will not be looking back.
            

                Dear Online Public......My online banking had been suspended (Krishna knows why?).......so I phone the uncooperative Lloyds Fraud Team as requested, and here is how things went:Round 1:Phoned LLOYDS FRAUD TEAM and spoke to EDDIE, who took me through security and the three questions from my credit file. Answered said questions (without multiple choice).... mortgage provider, maiden name (well, another name I have been known by) and my age on my next birthday. Funnily enough, I didn't pass security and she told me after making me wait for 21 mins on the phone on an 0845 number, that I now had to go to a bank with my photo ID. Furious!! Plus the fact she didn't seem bothered to help or explain things to me after this point and repeated the same phrase she was obviously being shown to say on her computer. Round 2:Phoned back 20 seconds later.... and spoke to GEORGE. Again, went through security and answered three questions from my credit file (this time got the option of multiple choice, WHAT?). Funnily enough, my mortgage provider (same as Round 1), my maiden name (well another name i have been known by, but same as round 1) and now name someone I live with (different question). I passed and my online banking was unlocked! When I mentioned to him about the phone call with Eddie before (not being able to get into my account with the same two questions as this time and no multiple choice) he then says he shouldn't have allowed my online banking account to be opened (even though he got me to log in and check it worked, and it did!), because I had spoken to Eddie before, suspended it again and asked me to go into branch with ID.In the words of Nan "What a load of old......LLOYDS" Now i've been with Lloyds (hate to say) for 25 odd years, when I go in tomorrow morning I am going in to escalate this somehow, to make sure that the one monkey, who got it wrong out the two and who Lloyds bank pay to secure my money from fraudsters even away from myself, is taken and shot over the PC they have been taught to use. Unless I got my age wrong on my next birthday (which I would bet my house on I didn't, because my son was there listening at the time), I can't see how on hell's door I didn't pass security during round 1. When this is resolved it will be time to finally get my son to help me move my bank to someone better.......I hope more people do the same, when given lemons and a monkey to make the lemonade. Showing Lloyds, that even when the government didn't shut you down (as they should of) in 2008 for your F**K up during the last financial crisis, people can show you it's time for you to change your game and that you are not infallible.Sorry Joe Public (reading this review), this is long winded but this scenario happened before (again with Lloyds) to me a while ago and i put it down to a one off. But twice, is a P**S take from your "ANTI-FRAUD" department!Happy banking people and if not, change banks......!Wrathful from Worcestershire! :-)
            

                I have had continual outstanding customer service for my Business Account with Lloyds... especially from Paul Williams today, nothing was too much trouble and a lovely Brummy Accent too.  Thanks Lloyds... so glad I chose you from your many competitors
            

                I am supposed to have a Relationship Manager as a result of being a Premier Banking customer.I was advised that my account manager had resigned in May 2015 but heard nothing more from her replacement until I wrote in December 2015.Apologies followed but my point is to ask what the hell do these people do?There have been zero pro-active communications,no offers of how to invest my money,and no apparent interest in a customer of 43 years.....next please!
            

                without any valid reason they close down my bank account.  when i asked staff member what was the reason behind my account close they did't give me clear reason just told me they check my review and were not happy that was not valid and proper reason. I have been loyal customer for 8 years and i have never done overdraft and there were enough money and now that what they gave me even the branch staff was not helpful and rude.   That make me feeling really unhappy and stress out.
            

                Signed up for a new business account with 18 months free banking and then £5 per month thereafter unless we did non-electronic transactions.  As soon as the 18 months was up they started charging us for everything including electronic transactions.Have tried to sort this out with them over the phone and have to date called 4 times and keep being given the run around.Still not resolved.
            

                After taking a complaint to Lloyds from receiving a completely incorrect product to which I ordered, I was assured by the staff in branch it would get sorted and I would receive money back or a replacement product, I was then contacted by the team saying they needed a full write up of what they sent to what I received, I then got a phone call telling me they had received it an I had to get proof the product was a fake, but I could not get through to them even with the picture document I had sent that I didn't care if the product was fake or not, that it just wasn't what I ordered, after this I assume they threw my case away as I have not heard anything for months now, very bad customer service and very let down by my bank.
            

                My bank card was eaten by a natwest cashpoint. I rang lloyds to cancel my card and it was done and dusted in 5 minutes with my new one sent out (which I received two days later). Very friendly customer support, wasn't kept on hold and it helped knowing my card wasn't going to be used by someone else. Also helped me locate my nearest Lloyds bank so I could get money out from there just using my ID. Very helpful so you don't get stranded.
            

                I have been with Lloyds business banking for over 10 years. Not sure if any other bank will be any better so have not moved. I have a very miserly overdraft limit for unexpected payments (£3500) --which is really not much when you may have a temporary cash flow problem. Due to not owning any property Lloyds have always refused to increase this limit. Very strange when others are willing to lend tens of thousands as loans without any security. So hence the title of my review -- Very helpful as long as my cash flow is positive but will be ready to be ruthless when the sun is not shining.
            

                Whereas I think Lloyds is a great bank, the Click Safe online payment method can drive you crazy. It blocks payments from reputable companies like airlines (Garuda Indonesia as an example), and leave you with no choice but calling them. First of all they don't have enough staff so you stay on hold for more than thirty minutes, while your phone bill keeps increasing, so yeah an additional ten quid on top of your plane ticket.They are supposed to call you back but I'm on the go and thus changing my phone number across countries so that's not an option for me. It would be much better a confirmation email.Just spent a few hours and some extra pounds to buy a simple airplane ticket.
            

                Bit of a bumpy start with Lloyds Bank but I decided to give them another chance.It started Mid April (2015) where my bank had to close my account down temporarily when I had it cleared out by fraudsters, and I was left without money for a while and thought that it might be a good idea to set up an account with a second bank so that I would have some emergency money at least, so I decided to sign up for Lloyds as I liked the idea of their cashback offers.I signed up online and the sign-up process was easy but I noticed a small mistake with my address but there wasn't a way for me to change this but I just assumed they'd be able to correct it on their end, and after pressing submit I'd completely forgotten about the address coming up slightly wrong.As soon as I submitted the information, I was emailed to say I needed to show some identification in branch so I did this a few days later where the man working in branch scanned my passport and driving licence, stamped it and said everything should be up and running within ten days, although ten days passed and I'd heard nothing. A few days after that I got a text saying I needed to go into branch and show my documents so I did this and the guy working there just said that it's a rare occurrence but sometimes errors like this do happen, he sent those off and then a few days later I got this same text again, so the same man was there phoned up a specific department who told him to fax my ID over and they would process it there. But a few days later I just got an email saying I was unsuccessful in signing up. It didn't explain why and I was actually really annoyed and a little bit concerned my details had been lost somewhere and/or stolen by thieves just like my other details.I emailed the complaints department just explaining I was a little concerned that my details had been leaked and told them I'd now gone elsewhere with my banking. This was Thursday evening and I received a phone call Friday morning from the department, the man there assured me that my details won't have been leaked out and he wasn't sure what had actually gone on but he apologised for everything and was a little disappointed that I moved my banking elsewhere or else he would have tried booking me an appointment within the bank, and I said it wasn't too late and he could still do that and he did. He also gave me £50 compensation for the trouble.Anyway I visited branch giving Lloyds a second chance and everything seemed to go more smoothly. It was a little longer than if online had have worked, but certainly more easier signing up because I was able to actually talk to the lady signing me up and ask questions so I was grateful for the opportunity really. I also figured out what had happened with everything failing with the online sign up..I live in a village called Gildersome, and my house number is 34. I won't include my street name but for some reason when I signed up it said I lived at 34 Gildersome, and this was the other address that came up when I did sign up online and that I completely forgot about happening. So anyway, the lady asked me if I still lived at 34 Gildersome? And I told her no but realised that's what happened online, because this wasn't my address so the address on my identification wasn't matching with my profile with them, but anyway she corrected it and everything went smoothly. She also got her manager to come in at the end of the interview just so he could clarify his staff were doing well and I didn't realise that the branch manager was actually the guy who was helping me when I was coming into branch with ID, he couldn't stop apologising and was glad that things were finally sorted out. He told me I wasn't the only customer having trouble signing up online.I just had one slight more problem though but isn't a massive deal, when signing up she promised I would receive a contactless card and when it arrived it wasn't contactless so I was a little disappointed. I know it seemed a little daft but I find them so useful so I phoned up the cards department and explained everything, the first guy I spoke to didn't seem best pleased to be talking but the second guy he passed me over to was very polite and helpful and said he'd placed one on order for me and it should be with me within five days so I just hope that is fixed for me now and then I'll finally be happy after over a month of trying to register! So overall I have a feeling I'm going to be happy banking with Lloyds in the long run, but I'm just annoyed that it's taken over a month to get me signed up
            

                I have never felt compelled to write about my experiences with a bank until now!  My opinion of banks are that they are all the same ie THEY ALL WANT YOUR MONEY.  I am loyal to a bank based on the way I have been treated as a human being - we all have ups and we all have downs.  I have realised that Lloyds (and their *ankers} are only interested in the 'ups' and thus treat you with total disregard when you have a a 'moment' of financial uncertainty in life.  As soon as I have paid off the credit I owe them I will never go near any of their products again!  Also just noticed that they have 2 choices for Lloyds Bank - 1 hyphenated and the other isn't which take you to two different reviews and thus divide the opinions in half! Sort your Customer Service out Lloyds!
            

                They can't get anything right and make communicating with them as difficult and time consuming as possible. When something goes wrong (which is often) they are beyond apathetic and fixing it is painful. Awful.
            

                Appalling service received from Lloyds. From the outset of choosing to open a new business account with them I have had to do all the chasing. Never received a call back as they advised would be the case. Once I called to check on the status of my application and to ask why I have not been called, I spoke with a manager who was very apologetic and assured me this was a one off. All my details were taken, again, and I was told I would receive details of the account to sign and return within 5 days. Having received these I signed and returned immediately. After 7 working days I again called to check the status of my application, being told 'all is in order and the account has been accepted we are just waiting for it to be cleared and opened, this can take up to between 14-20 days'. Well, on day 25 I called after, still, not receiving any correspondence to be told 'your account has not been looked at yet, I am very sorry I will get it looked at today' I asked to speak to a manager right away, none were available so I asked to be called ASAP by a manger for them to explain why this has happened stating if I received no response within 24 hours I would be cancelling the application hoping this would trigger a response for once . I am still waiting for their reply, more than 24 hours have lapsed! When they eventually call, which I hope they do, I am looking forward to the reasons given so I can reply with my reasons for taking my business elsewhere.
            

                I went to open an account so initially started the application online , then went to the branch in bolton to show my id everything went ok then a couple of weeks later you cancel my application WTF
            

                Friendly staff, issues resolved in minutes, great service & definitely a recommendable place for banking.
            

                My Brother-in-Law, a man in his fifties with a mild learning disability who lives at home with his Father, has no mortgage, no loans, no family, no long term financial commitments, holds down a low paid but steady job with sick pay benefits was targeted by a Lloyds customer advisor in 2011 and stitched up with Critical Illness cover (with payment protection insurance on top), Income Protection cover and a Life Insurance policy, all index linked with increasing premiums to the tune of over £160 per month (on an income of less than £1000). I suspect that the circa £12k of commission earned for Lloyds was of far more importance to the advisor than any possible requirement for such cover by my Brother-in-Law.Currently in process of reclaiming over £5k of premiums. Lloyds were fined by the Financial Conduct Authority in 2013 for bad selling practices and were supposed to have reviewed all policies sold, contacting those customers that they felt had been badly advised. I guess they might not be looking too hard for people to refund......
            

                Like a fool, i bought some tickets for a concert and paid by bank transfer, this was not off of a site.So when it all went wrong, i contacted the police and went to my bank to make them aware of the problem.I did not go to the bank to ask them to rectify this, i simply went there to let them know that i had paid money to a fraudster, now when i got into the branch and explained what i had done, i was handed a phone and a number to call, after being put through to several service employees on the phone, i was then told something which i could not make out on the phone as it was a bad line and the service employee had a strong accent, then the line went dead.I then spoke to a member of staff in the branch, and the answer i got was, nothing to do with the bank, we cannot help you.Now it was not help i was in the bank for, it was to give the information on the fraudster, but nobody wanted to know, they didn't even take down my name or account number, or even want to know the name of the fraudsters account or bank.I know it was my fault for falling for a scam, but you are always told to report these things to help build profiles of criminals, so if anything like this this happens to you, don't bother going to a Lloyds bank to let them know as they could not care less.Especially the Enfield branchMandy
            

          

            

            
