                From the beginning we have had endless problems!Avoid! Avoid! Avoid!            
                Just had two different complaints about their service looked into by Santander. The first one took a few weeks to investigate (which was quite understandable), the second one was dealt with over the telephone. Both complaints were upheld and Santander agreed they had fallen short of the service they should be providing. They have now refunded all losses incurred by their mistake AND credited £200 to my account by way of an apology for the distress and inconvenience caused.WELLDONE !!!            
                After many phone calls I finally managed access to my online account.Only they then closed that,  insisting I go to a branch. Photo Id etc...The customer service is appalling,  If you can't run an online and telephone banking service without STUPID 'security' controls - it is time to leave.            
                very bad service            
                Got through to someone quickly rather than an automated system, wanted to cancel a direct debit and took under two minutes. Amazing customer experience.            
                terrible company the 123 account is pointless their customer services are non existent shame abbey national doesn't exist anymore and had to be taken over by this terrible company            
                I have been a customer of Santander for over 25 years (originally Abbey National). We have several accounts with them including a 123 for which we pay a monthly £5.00 account fee.There customer service is appalling. They do not look after your best interests & prefer to sit on your savings in one of their measly instant saver accounts paying 0.1% interest.We recently tried to open two regular e-saver accounts which offer a preferable 5% over 1 year but, Santander make what should be a very simple task a nightmareFirst, we tried our local branch who were too busy & could only offer an appointment several months ahead & told us instead to apply by phone.Having called them to do this they told us we cannot open the account over the phone & would have to go into the branch or do it via on-line banking. The latter is not an option because we do not trust on-line banking having been scammed in the past. Old fashioned I know but, a personal customer choice.I challenged why I could not open the account by phone when my branch told me to do so & further, their web page also says you can ring them to apply? Apparently, they have changed their previous policy but couldn't be bothered to inform the customer or indeed, update all of their own staff.I complained about all of this & simply received a rather tardy & inadequate response from their customer services team in Bootle essentially telling me because I won't use online banking  I can get stuffed. If I don't like I should go to the FOS.I rang them to challenge/query their failure to deal properly with my complaint but, they refuse to discuss further. Their way or the highway. I have worked in the insurance sector for over 30 years & cannot believe his bad these people are.They are arrogant, neglectful, unhelpful & dismissive towards the customer. Their complacency speaks volumes for their organisation as does their failure to grasp the basic concept if treating customer's fairly.Well, enough is enough. After many years of ignorance & my own laziness & complacency I think it is time to switch my accounts elsewhere. The competition is fierce & many banks are now falling over themselves to pay you to switch to them. Santander on the other hand stick two fingers up to existing customers & don't care.My parting shot for them before I switch accounts will be to submit a complaint to the FOS which is something they actively encourage you to do.I think the latter speaks volumes for the arrogance of this bank.Loyalty gets you nowhere with these people.AVOID SANTANDER AT ALL COSTS - THE BANK THAT DOESN'T CARE BASED UPON MY OWN PERSONAL EXPERIENCE.            
                Awful refused loan even though I have a good credit rating. Shocking.            
                They always put the customer first!!            
                Wanted to open an account in Santander Kingsbury.Mijal accused me of bringing fraudulent documents and telling me I had the wrong address as credit companies had my right address and I had it wrong in my tenancy agreement even.After telling her that this was my tenancy agreement so my Landlord doesn't know his address?She proudly told me I am a landlord myself.Stop to show off, thinking only about yourself and start trying to learn the system and be more helpful to the customers.Filled in all the documentation and pictured and scanned the same documents  with RBS (Royal Bank of Scotland) didn't even spoke to anyone and have my select account opened already Thanks for nothing Mijal and the best of luck.            
                I do not recommend Santander if you are looking for a flexible bank when it comes to borrowing. Their policy does not accept self-employed people for any borrowing, unless your business is constantly growing. In short words: they will lend you an umbrella when it’s sunny and want it back when it rains. They let me on too many occasions and enough is enough. I am moving somewhere else.            
                Closed my account without a reason. Only used bank account for card transactions. Nothing dodgy. They screwed me over when I did nothing wrong. They got no morals. Clearly they enjoy victimising the mentally ill. I got a mental health team. They're lowlives.            
                Unfortunately my.Alliance and.Leicester mortgage was assumed by Santander the worst bank in England. This was a blow for me as I left Santander as my bank was they were so awful and on a regular basis. They have led us a merry dance for the last 2 weeks when we are trying to pay off a large chunk of the mortgage and add my husband. Today we were told that even if we owed 1 pence on in credit card we could.not.get the mortgage changes and "speak to a human being". They make things so difficult you just give up.            
                DO NOT open an account with Santander. I opened a new account on 6/01. The minimum required deposit is $25 and they requested this money via debit card. I gave them my debit card number and they charged my card. The $25 was taken out of my account. When my new Santander account was open there was NO MONEY in it. I called on 6/21 to ask if this $25 they charged my debit card was a fee and not a "deposit". They assured me there was no fee to open the account. However, they couldn't find the money and insisted they must have returned it. They didn't. So the representative said her supervisor would call me back. Today is 6/30 and I got NO CALL. I logged into my Santander account and still NO MONEY. So I called back today. The first person I spoke with hung up on me. I know it wasn't a dropped call on my part because it said call ended. As soon as I mentioned that I called last week and never heard back he hung up. So I called back, waited on hold for about 10 mins, and finally someone answers. Low and behold it's the same woman I spoke with on 6/21. I explain my situation and the fact that I have gotten no call from a supervisor to resolve this. She is giving me major attitude and acting like she has no recollection of this. She is treating me completely differently than she did on 6/21. The thing is- this was Santander's error not mine. They shouldn't treat customers like crap because they messed up. She put me on a long hold and came back and said, "M'am, the money is in your account." She said it like it had been there all along. I checked and it was there, but she had just put it there. It shows credited today (6/30) and the activity description says "Andera Krista Cottingim". Andera is the name of the woman that was "assisting" me (if you can call it that). I will be closing my account once I make sure that money is put back in my other checking account. DO NOT BANK WITH THEM.            
                THE worst bank ever! Always having problems with this bank whether it is money being taken out of my account without my knowledge TWICE or the card being retained for no reason by the machine! I am so fed up with their service. Definately would NOT reccomend to anyone whatsoever!            
                Been with Santander a few years now and have found them to be far better than any of the so called big banks. Keep up the good work.            
                I just got a loan through them... Not off to a good start!  My loan was supposed to be taken out of my bank on the 1st. Originally, it was to be taken out on the 23rd of the month. I called them and had my payments set to be paid on the 1st of each month. (The only time I get paid) The agent told me "No problem, we'll get it set for the 1st, but you can only change your date once on your loan"  I said "Great!  Thank you, that will help me a lot" Low and behold,  they took it out on the 23rd, I'm in the red in my checking account. I WILL refinance with another company as soon as possible.            
                Excellent bank.I've been a savings customer for years.Very helpful Call Center,helpful staff in the Leeds Branch.What more could you ask for?            
                Can't contact them... terrible service moving to another mortgage provider, been terribly let down. If I could give a star rating less than 1 I would!            
                Have tried for 3 days to open a Regular E Saver account from my computer.   Each time there's a technical error.   When I phoned Santander about this they were extremely unhelpful and as far as they were concerned there was nothing wrong.   They just did not want to know.   Have now made appointment to visit local branch.Very disappointed.            
                "Probably the worst bank in the world!""Don't listen to customers!""They Only know about their T&C""You Always wait forever on phone to talk to someone!"Not friendly! Never helpful! Avoid this bank at all times!!!            
                Buyer was sending money to me through this company. The money sending continued about three weeks until now. (I am from another country). They were sorry for delays, said, that will pay more for that and etc., but I still can't get my money. I am starting to think, that they are trying to trick me or what. I don't really know what to do. I hope, of course, that everything will work out, but what is happening now is horrible.            
                If I could give less than 1 star I would.Took out a new credit card.  Went to use it the first time and it was declined.  Customer services said it was a usual check on a first transaction.  Said they couldn't unlock it even though I confirmed it was me, but would unlock automatically in 24 hrs.  24 hrs nothing, called back, no it is 48 hrs, guess what 48 hrs nothing.  Dozens of phone calls, no call backs, and a week later still nothing.  Seems that you have to follow process and the only process they have is to wait.  In the end decided it wasn't worth the effort and closed it before use.  Terrible customer experience, lied to and would never use this company again.  Avoid if you can.            
                i have banked with santander before they changed there name from Abbey National many years ago and the staff where much better then than now.I have moved to new zealand and went to the local bank to withdraw more than the atm would allow me, the cashier went through the security process and told me Santander declined my request, i phoned santander security and they told me they saw no reason why i could not have the cash i requested and customer service told me the same next day, when i contacted santander through on line banking they where so rude and told me i could not go through a third party to get MY money when even customer service told me otherwise, santander staff have no training skills or very good manner towards valid customers, I cant even open an account abroad and i was told i could! i am sure the staff are trained to Blag their way out of situations or just make up an answer depending on the mood they are in, i am now in the process of moving all my money to a more respectful bank,            
                update 10/07/17. having mislayed my new login credentials , telephoned Santander, requested the postal security details again! very lengthy process! upon completing this requested my business bank payments in and the operative refused to give me them as i could not verify yet more credentials... having given d.o.b c.c acc. no. acc. no. etc! etc! yet they are happy to pay a small compensation fee for the stress and inconvenience of their poor service and poor communication in dealing with their customers! I am at a loss. Goodbye Santander hello new business banking First Direct... who know how to treat their customers!Polite yet unhelpful staff on the telephone! because I could not verify direct debit details they requested... yet they had birth date/credit card details/and many other numerous personal details... refused to give me my bank balance and monies payed in! They say it's protocol! Go bank with First Direct I say! A bank that knows how to appreciate their customers and value them!  ( oh and awaiting yet more security details by post! from Santander!) ...zzzzzz. is this really secure?! looking forward to returning to First Direct .... they have a solution when you need it!  rant over!09/07/16.Updated 28/6/17.8m.30s... to get through!Credentials arrived not in 2 days but 5!Eventually got back on-line.... Well done Lynne! Thank you!An update on my review. 26/6/17.The saga continues weeks on now awaiting another set of credentials because Santander posted out incorrect credentials and despite telephoning again and customer complaints assuring all will be dealt with within 2days by recorded delivery.... nothing.Really time to look at alternative business banking as clearly they do not value my custom.Sadly I have the need to write a poor review. Having banked now with Santander for 3yrs + recently have had online banking issues their customer care is virtually non-existent they do not listen do not really help.... its all protocol this is what we do and you must do it our way -  end result for me currently is blocked on-line banking [not good when you run your own business] when you do eventually get to speak to a human being on their convoluted robotic telephone system the operative seems to lack any knowledge of the problem in hand.Listen to your customers Santander! Very disappointed with you.            
                Banked with Santander for 6/7 years, recently their customer service has deteriorated dramatically. They failed a transaction of mine, then locked me out of my accounts for several days, only way o could get them to give me access to "my money" was take photographic evidence to my local branch! This has happened to my brother in law and my daughter. Add to that their lack of support for customers who have been scammed, and I couldn't bank with them any more, I have closed all accounts with them!No apology for any of the hassle I've had with them, I would not recommend this bank to anyone.            
                Terrible customer service experience. Phoned up for a paper statement and they managed to lock me out of my business account as they didn't specify which call in pin they wanted - business or personal. After that, she then cut the line off?! Phoned and complained but nothing being done about it, just an apology - something that I think they're having to do a lot of at the moment. Second time something similar has happened. Moving all the accounts I can away. There's better bank accounts now.            
                I have been with this bank for a couple of months and the call centre is shocking managers that dont care the complaints team that dont even know how to handle complaints even if you find how the complaint is progressing they will just pass you from pillar to post they dont even look into the complaint they just write it off have spoke to various managers in the call centre that if you talk to them they will say its tough its your fault i thought i would give them the benefit of the doubt its certainly one of the worst banks and call centres i have dealt with there are better banks out there that will treat there customers with respect if you dont want a good experience dont bank with santander i am seriously looking for a better bank            
                Absolutely useless! Messed up account opening, failed to deliver on credit agreed at the outset, statements failed to get through, letters failed to get through, arrogant staff adamant that all sent, direct debit set up failed to work, over an hour on the phone trying to resolve things.  Tried to log on and card logon details don't work.  Ridiculous, God knows how they do business.  Closing account as soon as humanly possible.            
                I am so appreciative of Luton High Street Santander staff that I feel compelled to give a positive review on Trustpilot. The staff are really trying to provide a good customer service experience with a smile. They sorted out some recent fraud on my current account diligently and encourage me to make use of payment machines and online banking too. A smile costs nothing but means so much to me and their other costomers too, I am sure. Thanks for the efforts that I do appreciate and am grateful for.            
                I completely understand the need for strict security on an account but what to do when you have a Power of Attorney on a parent and they do not recognize it? I spoke to Santander Staff in Belfast 4 times in a day to find out why I could no longer access, as Power of Attorney, the account on behalf of my father. They ran through the usual security questions but when it came to the money in and out I was unable to give them the details because I had not been online for a week! I gave them everything they needed but I could not give them an absolute day before amount which had been withdrawn. This was because my father had made an error and tried 3 or 4 times to access money and they shut down his account. At no time in my 4 conversations with these people did they tell me that the account had been revoked! If they had my only recourse was to go into the bank with my father and prove who he was (even though I have proof with Passport, etc. and Power of Attorney). They would not even speak to me further and there was no recourse. As I live in America and he lives in UK and I had already returned from a visit with him one day before the incident, can you imagine my dilemma. They would not recognize the Power of Attorney and security is based only on what they see in the account. They lied when they told me I was not on as a Power of Attorney having checked with that department today I see they lied. They are unhelpful to those who are in this predicament and there is no recourse from these Call Centers or indeed from the Power of Attorney Department. The only recourse is to send out more documents with password and codes and start a process all over again. THERE HAS TO BE A BETTER WAY TO IDENIFY SOMEONE IN THIS SITUATION OTHER THAN BY THE LATEST MONEY OUT! When I confronted them and told them a possible fraud could be taking place and they are not willing to help me they just kept speaking over me and not doing anything to help. Sadly, if it were not so difficult to get pensions changed over and expenses taken I would close this wretched account. I have no issues with the PofA on any other banks.            
                I want to say that Santander bank is terrible and the staff is very rude. Very impolite Wolverhampton branch, one employee refused to help me client. Complaints team is very terrible and rude to anyone not suggesting Lock open accounts in the bank. I want to mention the names of the complainants in the team that was rude and impolite: Miss Michelle Caines and Mr Jacob Isherwood, Two-person team from the complainant who can not do anything and solve.            
                £500 standing order incorrectly set up by Santander to wrong account. I am in the process of getting it returned. Reason for delay is that there is a stop on the account transferred to. When I asked for an explanation said could not divulge as was to donwith the account but confirmed no fraud involved. I have to chase this up with 6 calls to date. Said I money would be back in my account tomorrow. Very blase no concern of the impact the error could have reeked on my finances and total lack of urgency.            
                International TransferI have a 123 account with them and last month arranged to send about 1600 Euro to spain to pay a bill for which I was charged about £1540 plus £15 fees.   The beneficiary never received the money . After numerous calls by me and the beneficiary to our respective banks and three weeks later I was told that the money has been returned to my account.   Only about £1300 and from a beneficiary / source that I have no knowledge off.   Santander had sent my money to someone else and recouped it back. But they charged me for the exchange difference and the transfer fee.  I raised a complaint and nothing was done.  I escalated it and I was basically told to get lost    I am out of pocket by £160 because of their mistake.  I have kept copies of the two transfers and took them both to a branch who told me to make my complaint on the phone to their complaints centre.  The same people who did not deal with it in the first place. Never experienced such attitude in thirty years of banking.  Utterly useless and unhelpful and arrogant.  I shall not be there much longer            
                Pathetic excuse of a company thought there run by five year olds            
                Tried to open a cash isa today.  Only to be told I had to make an appointment so I said what about Monday which is four working days away.  The response was without even checking - the last appointment has just gone.  No can we sort something else out she even had a smirk on her face. We are a customer but will not be for much longer!  Terrrible attitude.            
                Unacceptable and abysmal service. As a student I receive monthly payments from my parents to pay for my rent & bills. I have been receiving these payments for almost 2 years once a month from the same international sender and it has never taken more than 3 working days for the money to be put into my account. Now, for some reason, I still haven't received my monthly payment after 7 working days and therefore don't have sufficient money to pay for my rent & bills so have had to borrow money off a friend!! To be put in that position is absolutely disgraceful and worse was the lack of reasoning Santander provides every time I call. I called after 5 working days (the day before my rent was due) and was told they couldn't do anything and it was going through standard security checks, called again on the 7th working day to be put through to several people on the phone for over 30 minutes to be told the exact same by the complaints team, manager etc. I was told all I could do is wait and they could not provide an actual reason as to why my money was being held other that "security checks" - which is ridiculous as they make these checks with every single other previous transfer and they've all being received at 3 working days. So I'm currently left with no answers, no money in my account and owing someone else my rent money. Disgraceful, closing my account with them asap!            
                International transfers  nightmare.My mother has been trying to transfer HER money from her santander account to HER new account in spain with a different bank. First she was told that she had to have a spanish address for one month in order to set up online banking to then be able to transfer her money. After putting down a deposit for a house, the month passed and she tried to transfer her money via online banking only to be told that she needed to have online banking for a month to be able to to transfer. She was told that she could send a fax with alll the necessary documents to be able to make the transfer before this time. So guess what, she sends the fax, which they havent recieved, and also said that the fax must be sent on the day she wishes the transfer. All this while the exchange rate drops, therefore loses money on the exchange, negotiating a new house payment deadline, and santander telling my mother that they havent any records of her wanting to make a transfer (she has been calling at least once every few days for the past two months). Disgusting service, once your money is in it seems almost impossible to get it out... and she is still waiting...            
                Please Forward to Chief Executive if he exists?No longer  are the banks & building societies the last  bastions of decency they once were.Now they are directed by the call centres led by dubious biased accountants who dictate by remits in our so called democratic no longer country .Allowing Complaints never to be investigated fairly as on remits.Likewise the Ombudsmen& Government Unfortunately it is the loss of the decent ethical one store Manager full time that understood disability & elderly issues & problems that has caused the all time low  .These were people like MPs who could intervene that Thatcher cut along with centring the NHS round the acute ignoring the chronic .How inappropriate is that!They allow backlogs , separate your accounts ,ignore flexibility & access unable to coordinate so  causing  problems unable to correct as the computers are not fully editable  .In my case they have been paying another branch of a similar firm that has wound down  its coordination & flexibility .No one should be dipping into your account without written permission yet it is regularly done via credit cards & it is us who need to address their fraudulent approach on our accounts.God help us when robots take over!            
                Here is a cautionary story about how arranging buying a property abroad using santander uk international payments can cost you.I wanted to buy a retirement home out in tenerife as is common in spain a deposit has to be paid of 10% so on the 4th of may 2017 santander uk transferred this to the vendors solicitors in sterling to there spanish office no problem in the meantime i returned to the uk to visit my santander branch in Erdington to explain that i would need to transfer the balance of 57,800 in about a months time.So the time comes to appear in front. Of a notary at least 5 days prior I contacted santander uk to arrange the transfer and was told All is fine and it will be actioned.3 days later and the vendors Solicicter has not received payment and that meant not being able to sign leaving me with a 1200 euro bill. On contacting santander I WAS TOLD THAT EVERYTHING WAS IN ORDER BUT MY TRANSFER HAD TO BE SCRUTINISED BY THERE SECURITY DEPARTMENT. This has been going on for nearly a week no call backs no help at all, I'm in trouble now as the contract will be up, and in spanish law i will lose £6800 deposit.I hope that someone who cares from santander picks this up and cares about santander uk's reputation and puts this right, your customer service is abysmal            
                Further to my earlier review last week, on Friday night I had an automated call from the Fraud Dept and I was advised that due to some activity on my account I needed to confirm my identity and then type in my date of birth. I duly followed instructions and was then advised that as my date of birth did not match their records, I was going to be put through to an adviser. The call transferred and rang out and rang out with the usual recorded apologies for the delay coming on intermittently. I had seen approximately 10 minute of the end of one programme, the adverts and over half of the first part of Coronation Street when a message advised me that they could not take my call and would phone me back on "this number as soon as possible". Needless to say I am still waiting for that call. What a waste of my time and what appalling customer service! Get your act together Santander!!            
                interesting, despite never being in debt, and having a very very good amount of cash in there bank, and an income of nearly 3000 a month, I still cant have a credit card, I can anywhere else but not them, and they cant tell me why, their loss            
                worse than dire - abysmalneeded to transfer money from my accountforgot one of my multiple log on detailssaw the option for 'easy reset details online'followed it to the letter - got ' we will send you details in post ( 7-10 working days) - no choice!so then tried the telephone service - got ' cannot access your account because you have requested that we send your details in post'only solution - go into your branch and ask nicely ( if I could go into my branch I would not be panicking online)passed to complaints and got a bored young man who just basically said 'tough'! He wasn't interested - and he didnt care - and nothing I said could make him appreciate that if something is wrong - you fix it....he was so totally uninterested it was almost comical!Now I understand why they have such a bad customer record - I walked away with my blood pressure at danger point ....AND WALK AWAY I HAVE DONE!            
                After making a payment of 280 GBP to a friend online, the Santander security software triggered a security alert on my account causing it to be blocked. I called a first time to unblock it, waiting 24 minutes to get someone, to tell me there is nothing they can do, asking me to wait for it to be unblocked. I called a second time in the afternoon to have more details waiting another 15 minutes, but again they cannot do anything, investigating the issue. I called the next day a third time in the morning, when passing to the Back Office department the call dropped. I called a 4th time waiting another 20 minutes to get to someone, spoke with 3 people each time answering the same security questions. I started showing my angriness and impatience and they decided to call me back with someone who can deal with this BIG issue of my online account blocked. The person called me after 10 minutes and lectured me on how this security blocage is important justifying that i tis normal for me to spend 2 days on the phone. Finally she accepted to unblock the online account ... blocage cause by a payment of....280 GBP. I can tell you my feeling after spending in total 1 hour and a half on the phone only to get my online account sorted. One of the worst banks to deal with, clearly don't care about the customer, only the money to use for investment. To avoid absolutely!            
                I have been a customer of this bank for 5 years now, and if there's a rating below one star, i wouldn't have any hesitation to give it.On the 16th of may 2017 i called Santander bank to complain about their unfair charges. This is the exact telephone conversation that took place.Me: hi, i would like to complain about your charges. On the 11th of April 2017 i happen to be purchasing items online, you then successfully took all of the payments but with exception to the last £15 spent ( I've spent almost £400 that day), this £15 you never took out of my account was debited from my account 3 days later when there's no money in the account, and as a result of this i have gone overdrawn and £50 fine was charged on my account. It's clearly your fault for not taking the £15 when i had it in my account.Laura @ Santander: well you should have online banking! Me: so you are saying Laura in order for me to prevent this from happening again is to have online banking?Laura: YesMe: but not everyone has a smart phone! Plus i am disabled, i leave home twice a month to check my account at the cash point (20 mins walk) and when should i know to travel to the cash point, when should i know you haven't taken the £15 on the day you were supposed to take it?Laura: well, sorry you Gina have to go to cash point and check or call the bank! Me: but when do i know you haven't taken the payment since i have no online banking nor I'm physically able to go to cash point to check.Laura @ Santander: sorry it's our fault.Me: this is very unfair, can i please speak to the complaints dept? Laura @ Santander: sorry it's busy at the moment you'll have to wait.Me: well can i please leave a message for someone to call me back as I'm out of work and i cant afford to wait for the complaints dept to be free.Laura @ Santander: No we can't do that.The summary of this is that Santander did not debit the money in  my account when i had it, but decided to take it 3 days later when no money was in the account and as a result of this a £50 was put on me. For a start why didn't Santander take the money on the day when it was available? The answer for that is because Santander would not debit my account on the day the statements are issued. So how on earth can a disabled person know this since he doesn't have online banking nor physical able to walk to the cash point, and even if i was able to, how on earth am i supposed to know you haven't taken the payment? It seems the only answer for this issue is to walk to the cash point every time i make an online payment in order to discover whether Santander have debited my account. It's ludicrous! It's complete and utter nonsense. And to be denied a phone call back from the complaints dept is an insult. And he bloody rude was this Laura I've spoken to? I felt like swearing at her for her rude manners and lack of consideration.I strongly suggest if Santander not debit the accounts straightaway, but 3 days later, they cannot charge unauthorised overdraft fee of £50, and why debit it 3 days later when there's no money in the account, why not take it when  money is bank in the account say 4 or 5 days later? There's only one answer for that is because they would then be able to say, sorry you've gone over your limit and therefore here's a £50 fine. It's a rip off. You guys should be ashamed of yourselves how to treat customers, not only their system is a failure on that respect, but also very rude from Laura to speak customers like this. Gosh, after all it's us the customers who are keeping her in employment, we pay her wages and all we get is ludicrous service.I must admit they have apologised later on the 16th of may and corrected the mistake. I have no idea who this Laura person is, she should be reprimanded to avoid similar conversation with someone disabled and without online banking.  And when she denied me a phone call back, it was more injury to the insult.The word that springs to mind is Santander is a Micky mouse business. Don't know what else to say. I feel hurt and disgusted with this level of service. You.E.Sultan            
                Have been a victim of fraud with santander who fail to protect my  account . Have lost 1550 my month wage ,santander refuse to reinburse me very disgusted by santander.            
                really disgusting treatment of a  loyal customer for over 17 years  now   i get charges on top of chAARGES BECAUSE THEY REFUSED TO LET ME GO 2 POUNDS OVERDRAWN  IF THEY PAID IT WOULD COST ME TEN POUNDS BUT NO THEY BOUNCED IT COST TO ME OVER 74 POUNDS FROM THIS BANK  THEY RIP OFF CUSTOMERS THAT NEED HELP  I HAVE CLOSED MY ACCOUNT TOOK A BASIC ONE   THEY WILL CCJ MY OVERDRAFT   AND I WILL THEN BE ABLE TO LEAVE THIS AWEFULL ROBING BANK            
                I applied for a current account and was refused. I appealed on the basis that I assumed they had a mistake.  I wanted to bank with them for their generous interest rates on high current account amounts. Will never apply again.            
                Bunch of crooks. Offered us a mortgage and pulled it a week before settlement for no good reason. Do not trust this company. You have been warned.            
                As of today, I have completely lost all respect for Santander. I have faced a catalogue of errors across various accounts over the years  dating back to 2009, but today's error leaving me over £800 overdrawn is the absolute last straw!Incorrect information given to me over the phone by numerous advisers in regards to a card payment made on the 05.05  being returned due to 'non collection from the banks holding account' back to my bank account subsequently alerting me to transfer the said funds to an external bank account, then finding out yesterday (10.05) that the payment was authorised with no funds available?!When I called today 11.05, I was advised the payment hadn't been put back into my account so cannot understand why  I was told that??I explained that I did not have the funds available on the 08.05  but  they were showing as available and the advisor told me they were put back into the account  for the aforementioned reason.This now meant I had paid TWICE on my bill payment as a result.I was then advised by the call handler to go back to the company in question and advised them that 'they had refused the payment' hence the credit to my account.But this contradicts the previous advisers comments stating that he could see no credit?!The Company who received the payment advised they have NOT nor did the have any reason to refuse this payment and cannot understand why I had been advised this?I cannot understand why I was advised this!.. all I was trying to do was make a bill payment and the fallout is ridiculous and I potentially will not see my wages until 4-7 workings days until this is resolved!!!I will seriously be looking to switch bank accounts.On top of this:- I was locked out of my online banking whilst on the same call!I have an ongoing complain with regards to my ISA account apparently being in 2 different names- supposedly accounts were to be migrated within 48 hours I logged this initially on the 29.04.17, still NOT resolved on the 11.05.17 and I took passport details into the same branch on 05.05.17 and no one can advise why this had never been picked up from when I changed my address in 2012 and updated all my information?My bank statements, replacement cards have been coming to the right address so absolutely ridiculous!!!In my local branch, they advised, I had 2 different addresses, then I had 2 different surnames, then it appeared they had omitted the first part of my double barrelled surname (yet the card associated with the account is correct??) all things that they should have picked up when I took passport and billing information as proof! I thought that was the point of the 'security checks'?I am livid to say the least, inexcusable mistakes made. I have lost complete faith in Santander!!            
                Worst bank I ever seen my life. The customer service so bad.Also I did transfer money last night , the first transaction they declined and they called me to verify and asked me to send again. I did, but still showing in progress. I am really regretting to open up a bank account with them. Worst is customer service and they are very rude too.........Rating I have to give nothing,            
                Appalling bank. Ethically bottom of the pile  - have little in the way of  conscience as they fund corrupt regimes and armaments; very poor record on carbon/environmental responsibility. Lowest rated when it comes to customer security.If you want to check this out - have a look at the Which report and check out the abysmal morals of this bank in Ethical Consumer: (google search  - banks - ethical consumer)            
                Money grabbing theivesThree different charges for the same transaction            
                This bank started off very good, but in the last year or so they have gone downhill rapidly for customer service and constant mistakes. When I made a recent enquiry about a stopped transaction the customer service advisor couldn't answer my question, I asked to speak to someone who could answer and she passed me to the complaints team without my knowledge! I explained to the complaint handler that I hadn't complained and she asked me if she could help? When I explained the stopped transaction she gave me her answer, which I didn't agree. She was rather rude and said there was nothing more they could do, so I told her I was now making a complaint about the subject, her and the customer services advisor. She repeated herself and then told me she did not uphold my complaint and if I wanted to take it further I should go to the Ombudsman! Wrong! I asked for her manager, who did investigate the issues and upheld my complaint about the two employees poor handling/attitude. However, he stated he would not change the answer or outcome of the stopped transaction, as explained to me first! He informed me the banks T&C's were a bit vague on the subject and thanked me for bringing it to their attention, so he could request a possible amendment to the T&C's to make them clearer! Guess what? I've had enough, I'm closing all my accounts with Santander! Perhaps they will get the message if enough customers leave?            
                The worst bank aver ! If  you think in one day to open an account with this bank I recommend you 1000 % not to do that. They have the worst customer service.1. When you want to make direct debit payment, the Santander Visa Verified will blocked for you, which means that you have to contact them buy the phone and you will be waiting for more than 20 min each time you call.2. We have bin call them 4 times and ques what? It's still  *******  blocked 3. You will only hear from them we are apologies, but not a results .Me and my husband we have been pass very bad customer care with them, and now we are regretting that we open an account with them. I will switch as soon I can to an another bank.            
                I left this bank as a customer years ago, when they broke all their written promises on fees to me.  At that time, I got the Financial Ombudsman involved, who ruled in my favour and got me a settlement.  Today I only went into a branch to get cash from an ATM, using my debit card from my new bank.  It seems that the operations centre remotely chose that moment, in the middle of the morning, to reboot this ATM, with no warning.  So it ate my card and wouldn't give it back.  Staff in the bank said too bad, I had to go back to my own bank, as they could only help me retrieve my card if I was a Santander customer, even though they admitted that the problem was caused by their machine.  So I was left with no cash, Santander stole my card, and refused to help at all until I made a big fuss.  Will avoid this bank like the plague in future.  Amazing that they are allowed to operate.            
                I have banked with Santander since they took over the Abbey, and I had planned to move away from them a few years ago because their online banking process is antiquated. I have a number of accounts with different banks and use online banking daily, so I know how well it can work, HSBC and Nat West for example. So, what happens when you happen to get yourself locked out of your Santander account because you have entered your details incorrectly. Well they send you a new ID and Password seperately with in 6 working days. In the meantime you have to ring up to access details of your account. If you cant name transactions you may have made in the last 10 days they will not let you access your account, despite giving them a long list of identifying information.So, now your new details have arrived in the post, so you go online and they dont work (which happens often), so you ring the helpline and they tell you that you have been locked out of your account and you now have to wait another 6 working days!This has happened to me 3 times on the trot now, and am now moving my account to TSB, and I can't wait.            
                Fairly long term customer, had the same overdraft with santander for quite a while. Overdraft was removed with no prior notificatation, customer service didnt want to know anything about it. Moving to some where else that will actually give you money for your custom.            
                Terrible experience trying to open an account spent 1 hour online providing all my details only to be told at the local branch they would not be able see the information and I must make an appointment to go through it all again.  Terrible attitude of the person in the local branch so I walked out vowing never to goin the branch again.            
                Absolutely shocking bank! Constantly charge your account for fees, which sends your account into an unaranged overdraft and then they charge you more! Charging you fees for charging you fees! Avoid at all costs!            
                Try to deal with Santander if you have Power of Attorney - they have a procedure that defies all sense. Passport, credit reference agencies, g ito a branch!            
                Very good overall, quick mortgage process. Santander Select even better..            
                Move your money to another bank,all of it before the bank allow it to be moved without your knowledge.            
                This bank has completely ruined my day by locking me out of my account because I dared transfer some of MY money out to another bank.  It failed to warn me of the lock out and then lied by saying it was MY fault for "entering the details incorrectly". I don't have a debit card, cannot access anything online and, I'm told (by them on the phone)...not access anything in-branch because I've no effing proof I'm a customer (no statement, no account number etc). I'm stuck for over a week awaiting a new card and logins. Now THAT is poor customer service. Protecting my money? My ar*e. Protecting itself (and its already poor reputation) from bad press about failing its customers, more like.            
                So far the only bank I've not had a single issue with! Easy to manage multiple accounts on line and the branch I use is a small one that has a lovely personal touch to it - they always help me to change my accounts when the interest drops when the account matures after 12 months. It's refreshing to have a bank that actively help you get the most out of your money rather than hoping you won't notice or do anything about it!            
                Keep setting me up with online banking. Then wow the great santander block my online banking from working online. Maybe better going else where. All I wanted to do is pay my  bills  online            
                dont want to bore you with my ppi claim with santader phoned the missold helpline and spoke to pleasant girl who said they would send out letter confirming i had taken out ppi with them so comes letter saying they cant locate any details which is a lie and saying if i can produce original ppi documents witch they thaut i would not be able to do they would reinvestigate ahh she thaugt she got me there so i found my original ppi document dating back to 2002 and have sent it back to them lets see what scam they pull now to try and wriggle out of paying out now            
                In light of other negative reviews, it's depressing to see how low the rating score of Santander is on Trustpilot though personally, I've been with them and have had no issues.I signed up to Santander to have a current account for secondary purposes and it does the job, besides, they were exactly the bank I wanted over the other options out there that I could have opted for.No matter which bank, every bank on Trustpilot has a terrible score so just pick the one you want and go with it. There will always be customers who'll be wronged, I was wronged by retailers/online sellers now and then and I know how awful it feels to be disrespected, scammed or what have you.            
                BEYOND DISGUSTED......MY Wife has BANKED WITH SANTANDER ALWAYS. NOW.....YOU SHAFT her!!!!!!!!!!!! We have moved all our accounts. My wife a victim of Burglary deception and then scammed by the bank Even the police said it was a cunning plan of deceit. All other financial institutions paid her back all of the monies taken apart from SANTANDER so that shows what your company’s core values are long term loyalty. I will go with the trusted institution that responded in the correct way to a loyal customer.off the WEb Let us put things rightWe're sorry if you've had a bad experience. By telling us about it we can put things right for you and make improvements. CLOSE YOUR BUSINESS PLEASE            
                They froze my fathers account when I tryed to ask them a question on his behalf (he is 98 and very deaf), they stopped his cards, his on line banking, bounced cheques etc and if this wasn't bad enough it took them two months to reinstate it. My father had no food in the house and £1.25p in cash in his pocket. He needless to say closed the account when it was finally back on again and went to a different bank. Had to get the CEO involved - Nathan Bostock - he didn't even get an apology!            
                BEYOND DISGUSTED......MY HUSBAND AND I HAVE BANKED WITH SANTANDER ALWAYS. WE HAVE HAD 4 MORTGAGES WITH YOU, NEVER DEFAULTED AND NOW.....YOU SHAFT US!!!!!!!!!!!! We have a rented property (cos like everyone else we couldn't sell). We still want to sell and want to put back on the market but don't want to end up in arrears. Natwest/other mortgage lenders, allow reduced interest payments or a reduced rate and then no penalty but agreement to reduce mortgage. SANTANDER NOPE...GET INTO DEBT OR PAY PENALTY FOR FIXED 2 YEARS.............THATS YOUR CHOICE!!!!!!!!!! YOU THIEVING BUNCH OF ********* I WONT EVER MORTGAGE WITH YOU AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!            
                Attended the Harrow branch for an appointment at 09.00 hrs this morning with a banker that I had booked on the 05511 number as given in branch previously on 22nd March 2017. When I got there they kept me there for half an hour to say that I didn't have an appointment even though I booked it over the telephone. What's the point in calling to make an appointment when they do not book it in. I have been with Santander for 30 years and now am seriously looking at changing to another building society or bank the customer service has massively declined in the last three years and each branch tend to have different rules. For example when I changed my name recently even though I had solid proof of who I was I was told one thing on the Santander telephone number, the website will say anything thing and the branch will then demand more documentation. The joke is my name change everywhere else has gone extremely smoothly apart from Santander. I also called recently to make a final payment on my loan, the woman I spoke to said you can't do that, I was actually under the impression that a final settlement figure meant you could pay your loan off early. She had the front to say we will charge you interest this month and interest next month.These guys are one of the most expensive building societies to have an account with now, you get very little benefit if not no benefit from having an account with Santander. They are only happy when they are taking your money and will find ways of adding charges onto your account. I will be back on hear to review the closure of my accounts when I switch to some other bank/ building society and that's a promise.            
                New paying in machines in branch are badly designed, have unhelpful menus and lack any form of useful instruction - and when they mess up Santander want to charge you to see where the problem was - absolute rubbish!!!            
                I use Santander for a personal business. They have the worst online bank i have ever used. The security login in is so painful , constantly locking you out and you then have to wait a week for 3 new codes in the post. I strongly advise people to avoid.            
                This is the worst bank ever!!!!!! I would never do business with them again! I have had nothing but problems with them and a bunch of mistakes that were made from Santander when going through the process of buying a house.. DON'T ever use this bank!!!!!!!!!!            
                Idiots reported wrong pin entered 3 times on phone they said card is fine next time I used card it was declined useless customer service.            
                I called to add an additional cardholder to my Zero card a couple of weeks ago. A catalog of mistakes and total incompetence resulted.Despite spelling the name of the new cardholder twice using the phonetic alphabet, the agent took the spelling of the name down wrong.I wrote to them twice through secure messages. They refused to action the correction, even though written form is far more accurate. They insisted I phone to make the correction.When I phoned, they then said that I'd have to take ID and proof of address to a branch to make the correction - despite not having to provide any ID to set the cardholder up in the first place!The agent then said they'd remove and re-add the cardholder instead. They transferred me to another agent to do this. However, the other agent made the SAME MISTAKE AGAIN with the spelling of the name. It's lucky I asked them to read it back to me, otherwise I'd have waited another week for more incorrect documents to come through the post.The complaints department then promised to make the correction to the spelling of the name, and call me back. Neither of these things happened - I haven't heard from them since, and the card is still wrong.I've spent over 3 hours on the phone in total, and incurred over £30 of call charges. Compare this to a competitor, where I can add a cardholder myself, completely online. Within 2 minutes, I was done.Sort yourselves out, Santander.            
                Wish there is zero option to review  this bank. I called their customer service many times and each time it took more than hour to reach them.They dont care a DAMN even if you are long time customer. checks wont clear till 2-3 business days but will be ready ontime to charge overdraft and ATM withdraw fees. I should have read the negative reviews on this site before opening an account with this bank. I m moving to my old DCU account ,at least they care for long time customers and clear checks on request and debit back ATM withdraw fees            
                We made an appointment to open a joint account at Santander in Harrogate and brought along passports, driving licences and, in my wife's case, letters from Halifax/First Direct/Legal and General and her employer as proof of address as driving licence is still in her maiden name.We were treated like criminals by a spotty oik who would not accept all of the above as proof of ID - We asked to see the manager and after ten minutes spotty returned to tell us she was busy but would be along in a while.We left.Looking at their Trustpilot score, It would seem we have had a lucky escape.            
                They make it so hard to access or even see you funds! The apps and website are terrible and they appear not to care about user experience.            
                I too have fallen foul of Santander. I've had my personal account since 1982 when it was the Girobank then Alliance & Leicester now Santander. I also have had a business account with them for at least 10 years.I moved house from Surrey to Wales. Changed the address details online on both accounts or thought I had as it confirmed I had on the screen.1 year LATER I try to set up a standing order on the business account but it was blocked, no  explanation from Santander. They eventually said my address on that account was wrong, it was still in my old Surrey address. After weeks of arguing with them to try to change it and involving the Financial Ombudsman they finally agreed to change it to match my personal account address which was correct at the time. In the meantime I had given up setting up the standing order on my business account and used my personal account instead. About a week ago I tried to log in online and could do so on my business account but not my personal account.I rang them, the explanation was " the address on that account has been changed in the last few days" so for security they thought they'd block me out BUT I hadn't changed my address in the last few days I changed it 1 year ago and had been using it online!They then told me (as I don't get a signal on my mobile phone here or use it for online activity) that I had to wait 2 weeks for 2 letters through the post telling me how to reset my password! I have been in to my business account online and seen that they have changed the business address as well to half my old address and half my new address, complete idiots that can't understand or read English and the personal account address is back to front as well, both addresses are now  totally wrong, honestly you couldn't make it up could you! I am waiting to be able to change my password, when I do I am changing banks for both accounts, I have never ever seen such incompetence and lack of common sense.DON'T USE SANTANDER if I were you or you will live to regret it.            
                What a bunch of idiots.  My wife used their secure messaging service to ask for their credit card department to WRITE to her (not via the secure messaging service) and explain why her credit card account was blocked.  They answered - please phone usShe replied that she did not want to discuss the matter over the phone, please WRITE to her (not via the secure messaging service)They answered - I am unable to provide reasons for this block being placed via the secure messaging service.Unbelievable, do they not employ people who understand English?     Will refer the matter to the Financial Ombudsman in due course.            
                Totally let downIve been with the bank for a number of years and the past few months the bank has shown its true colours. Would not recommend them to anyone. They have ZERO disregard for customers, this is an actual quote from one of their members of staff "We are do not notify customers when certain terms end." Basically if you have got a good deal with them at the moment check when it end's as they will sting you and will not help you.            
                Do not get a santander business account, useless company            
                Santander keep applying charges for an overdraft I am not using. They call it an arranged overdraft fee. I keep trying to clear my balance to zero, but every time I do they add  a £15 charge. This then escalates to a £20 or a £30 charge if I fail to notice I have not cleared to zero, by a few pennies. Seriously, £30 a month for being a penny overdrawn. I try to make the balance zero by adding funds, but for some reason it is never enough, even though I don't use the account. They won't let me close the account, as they say I owe them charges. Its worse than catch 22. They are behaving in my opinion like dishonest thieves.            
                I've had a Santander-123 account for about a year. I haven't had any problems at all. I was disappointed that they reduced the interest rate to 1.5%. I like getting cashback on some household bills. I would recommend the Santander-123 account.            
                Arranged replacement card via phone banking. Received notification in post that card to be sent to my old branch (100 miles away)! (Note: I have lived at my present address for years, and they have had my present address on their system for years which is how I received notification by post). Phoned to tell them. They said: "No, card has been sent to my home address". Week later no card. Phoned again. Operator cancelled non-delivered card, arranged another card. Received notification in post that card sent to my old branch again. Phoned to tell them. They said No, card has been sent to my home address. Week later no card. Phoned again. Operator cancelled non-delivered card, arranged another card. Received notification in post that card sent to my old branch again. Phoned to tell them. They said No, card has been sent to my home address. Week later no card. Called in out at my local Santander branch and explained the situation. Very helpful and polite member of staff investigated, could not explain non-delivery, apologized, and arranged another card to be delivered to local branch.I receive notification in post that card will be sent to my local branch.I wait till end of the week, call in at branch to check for card arrival. Ignorant member of staff with no manners who spoke to me as if I were her servant, something she needed to scrape off her shoe, no please, no thankyou, hands over my new card. Just awful attitude.One star (at least) because the first in-branch member of staff I dealt with knew how to treat a customer. Couldn't fault her behaviour.The second member of staff was a completely different experience.Seriously considering moving to another bank after this experience.            
                I made a complaint 3 to 4 months ago about the terrible service that my mother received at the Warrington branch of Santander. She went to the bank to advise them of the death of her husband and during the distressing interview, the bank clerk tried to sell her home insurance!!At the time of complaining, I, as my mothers representative received a call from one of Santander's senior managers, who advised that he was looking into this matter as he was not happy with this at all.It is now nearing the end of March and still no response from the senior management team in relation to this complaint. It seems that this sort of action is seen as okay! Well not by me or my family. Absolutely disgusted at the lack of care, service and correspondence from Santander!!!            
                I used them when they where Abbey and went back to them with thier amazing deal on the 123 accountHowever, customer service is shocking againThey send a push message to your phone for security to enable a transaction to be set up. When that doesn't work and you call them, you will be told the following:You dont know how to use your phone;It was sent and if I missed it, that was mu fault;O2 must have taken it upon them selves to block Santanders number - funny they do that but not the PPI and sales calls ! They couldn't escalate it until I called O2.  I did.  They cheered my up as they laughed and managed to put a smile back on my face.fast forward 5 minutes to calling Santander back..... and the frown reappeared in seconds.They advise (quote from their website on security) Never transfer or withdraw money out of your account after being instructed to do so for security reasons.  How do they clsoe your account and move your money? by calling you back and not being able, after you have gone through all thier checks, and are transferring to an already arranged payment beneficiary................which has been verified....When you ask them if they want to know why you wish to close you account?  They say no.  Were not bothered.Avoid like the plague.  Back to First Direct.....  easy as 123!            
                Tried to transfer money in my account.Santander "anti fraud" blocked transaction.Transaction confirmed as legitimate.Transfers still not made.Complaints department say "it's your money it's up to you to make sure transfer is made"What is that supposed to mean when the bank has received a payment instruction which (a) they accept was correct in every respect (b) they have confirmed to their satisfaction comes from the owner of the account and (c) they still "decline" to make payment?            
                We are a community group. We needed to change a name on the account. We had to fill in 3-5 page forms, they HAD to be back within 21 days, and if any mistake was made then you HAD to do it all over again. No letter ever said my name, it was always Dear sir or madam. They lost my passport and driving licence, and said it was not their fault.They introduced additional requirements to comply with whilst suspending the account, untill we complied.They are a shambles as a bank. We changed bank!            
                Queried ATM rate and cost breakdown following a trip to New Zealand.  NZD100 = £63.26 plus charges of £4.25 !! . When i queried the rate @ 0.58 I was sent a letter stating the rate was 0.63 . The rate was simply made to fit the transaction !!   Halifax rates ( as I used a Halifax Clarity Card mainly were miles better with no fees. Moral here do NOT use a Santander debit Card overseas. When I queried all this with a representative , his suggestion was laughable as his alternative was travellers cheques !!  Not sure he had joined the 21ST C , yet !!  Phone menu poor also .            
                My wife is 8 months pregnant and we decided to change her surname to match mine and the baby to be.Took her new passport and our wedding certificate to Halifax and Natwest who both updated their records there and then. Simple and easy.Went to my local Santander who said we need to make an appointment (the branch didn't look particularly busy to me at the time).On Monday 13 March I called to make an appointment and the next available was Tuesday 11 April! The lady on the phone did say we could just turn up but may have to wait a long time. I wouldn't want to risk doing that in case the staff said I had to make an appointment.So my pregnant wife has to wait one month and will be in her final weeks of pregnancy and only then can Santander fit her in to complete what I believe is a simple formality which Halifax and Natwest managed to do very easily.            
                Went to this bank when I started second business. Not really ace but ok.Tried to switch our main business account.What a joke.Staff didn't know what I meant.Had to complain, did application. Never followed it up. Left us in the dark.Had to complain again only to be told a different story, needed different paperwork.If you don't tell me.... I don't know.I see some good reviews, how??Best business bank, how??Very poor service. Very. I will definately be taking my funds elsewhere.Guys avoid them, this is a genuinely honest review from a very disappointed customer.I won't be back, trust me.            
                Banked with them for several years - avge balance £2000 to £20000 - applied for a small at their LOW advertised rate - then they quoted 16% rate!!!!A competitor quoted 3.4% - so much for customer loyalty.Time to leave            
                I have removed names in respect of privacy, other than that this is the exact message received. Dear Mr ********Thank you for your message sent to us on 08/03/17From your message I understand that your account went overdrawn and you were notified of this via our text alert service. You mentioned that you rectified this situation within hours of receiving the text alert however, you have still been charged a £10 fee.Having looked into this for you, I can see that your account was overdrawn between the 6th and 7th March. During this period a direct debit was paid when you had insufficient funds in the account hence, why you have incurred a £10 paid transaction fee.Under the gesture of good will policy I would like to refund these charges however, I must inform you that this is only available once for the lifetime of the account. Any future charges incurred cannot be refunded under this policy. As you are currently in your statement period, I advise that you call us after the 16th March so that the charges can be waived. Kind regards,******* ***Digital Case ManagerTo which I simply replied - I'd better get looking for a new bank then.           *********************************************************************Note to Santander, I wouldn't speak to a child this way. It's as if you feel I should count myself privileged for the opportunity for your bank to be making money from me. All the effort put into training branch staff who I have never had an issue with and have, at times felt were very professional and polite wasted by this arrogant, disrespectful, condescending fool.            
                I learnt some thing today in all my years banking with Santander , if you have £20.00 in the bank you go to Asda spend £9:00 you would think it's been debited straight away leaving you £11.00 if you turn pop to Tesco spend £5:00 and so on and so fourth. Well according to Santander these companies do not request authorisation from them it's to do with there floorLimit so you can do this all day and Santander don't care  , so what they are saying you spend even if you have not got funds Asda come to us in a week say hey so and so spend £11.00 can we have it then 5 days later so does Tesco they have to honourIt but then they charge you how in the hell does this work !!!!!! They are saying we can't authorise or decline your transaction it's down to the company but we ll give it to them when they come call then we will come to you for unauthorised borrowing and charge you a fortune is this wrong or not please tell me !!!            
                In 1988 we went to the abbey national (now Santander) for a mortgage to buy our house for £38,000, at the time they strongly advised we went for an endowment mortgage as at the end of the 25 years we would receive a lump sum back.In 2013 when our mortgage was due to come to an end we received a letter stating that there had been a shortfall on the endowment and it had accrued to £20,000, we could not understand how this has happened as to date we had paid Santander already £96,000 in mortgage repayments over the 25 years as agreed.After several phone calls and visiting our local Oldham Santander we got no answers, at times we were told they were confused and really couldn’t help in branch until we were once allowed to see a current mortgage advisor where he stated that the original company that the endowment was with no longer existed and was no longer in business with Santander, so can only imagine Santander are chasing the money from you as a final resort.Other times over the phone when stating reference numbers on the letters we were advised they could not find us on the system and we needed to send the letters back for investigation, whilst all this was going on one gentleman over the did find us on the system by our name and address and did explain he could set a payment up off the money owed for £220.00 per month with my wife and was very empathetic of the situation and did advise we are better to set a payment up whilst investigating although he understood it didn’t really add up and was apologetic about the fact he couldn’t help.In 2016 we received a letter to appear at Oldham magistrates court for the repossession of our home we had worked so hard for, for over 25 years or to avoid appearing in court pay £6000.00 again in a state of confusion worry and panic we contacted Santander, who advised they couldn’t help and stated on this phone call that this was actually a separate amount hidden within the £20,000 shortfall so the system was showing we owed £26,000 opposed to the original £20,000 we still had no answers for from 2013 that we had been chipping away at for three years so far.At this point they said they couldn’t help any further as it had gone to a solicitor and gave us a contact number for the firm where they were blunt and very unhelpful to say the least, when we just wanted answers.As my wife was worried and distraught at the thought of going to court and potentially losing our family home, to raise the money without causing my family anymore upset- I drew from my private pension to get the £6000 but this cost me £8400 after tax.We paid Santander the £6000 to avoid the embarrassment of court and carried on paying our £220.00 per month to chip away at the rest with still no answers despite chasing up and asking for advice on several occasions,We then received a letter in 2017 that was a ‘loan’ statement , so we contacted Santander and asked them why we had a loan statement stating 3.4% APR and an outstanding amount as we weren’t aware of any loans, they stated this was a loan set up originally for £20,000 in 2013 so their proposed payment plan they had done as a favour after advice from the apologetic gentleman we dealt with when we first found out about the shortfall want what it seemed and was actually classed as a loan and they were making an extra £10,000 in interest on our repayments.So in total we will have paid Santander £132,000 for a £38,000 house. This cannot be legal.Nobody from Santander has the answer, we have raised complaints after complaints with a phone call only when we turn to social media via our daughter they state will be in contact within 7-10 days we first raised our serious complaint on 10/02/2017 after receiving the statement for the loan that was the cherry on the cake for bot me and my wife and has been a very upsetting expensive journey for us and still have no reply, nobody seems to want to talk it through or have an answer which seems somewhat unbelievable they have had 4 years to investigate.This is my only resort that I feel will get me any answers, advice or help, a very confused, stressed and upset and desperate            
                Good experience in-store, good staff, great online banking (better than my other accounts) overall very happy and would use again.Just closed my business account and they were very quick and efficient about it. Would use again in a heartbeat.            
                So all I need to get done is eliminate an overdraft fee. I called at 10:20am and it is current 10:43am and I am still on hold. I swear they just rather not resolve your problems and hope you hang up. This happened when I was trying to open an account too and it took almost a half hour on the phone to get someone. You would think with is being a big bank they would have more customer support people. Also, when I was notified of my overdraft fee I was called via a random number that left a sketchy voicemail. Then, when I googled the number it said it was a scam number so I believed someone was trying to mess with my account. It wasn't until a second overdraft fee was applied to my account that I received a letter stating this. Overall, I just want this over with and I will continue to wait on the phone right now until I get someone.            
                i did apply for santander to make some transfers to pay off a credit and i was approved with $7,500with this bank is different you need to call them so they will set up and account for you which i did, everything went smooth until one week later when i was trying to make a money transfer and it giving me an error message with a phone # to calli did call customer service many time to a different phones # that i was given by customer service UNFORTUNATELY nobody can do anything the card was locked and the only way to fix the issue is to " walk in into branch " i am from FL and they suggested to drive to NY, really !!!this bank is a joke but the worst thing my credit went down from 740 to 699 !!!!!im so upset it took me years to build up this score and it took one wrong action to lose it, santander bank is a scam, avoid it will be better for you            
                I have been a customer with Santander for over 10 years and am experiencing more and more problems that re never their fault. The latest fault is when you type in your security details the site dismisses them as incorrect. You know you have typed them in correctly and continue until you are locked out. Their excuse is I bookmark the Santander website and need to manually type in the web address each time I want to log on, this has happened a few times and one of their team admitted it has happened to her so its definitely not a user fault.I have have had 3 debit cards fail when paying for fuel, and last week my card was kept by the ATM even though the correct pin had been entered and I was able to check my balance.I understand the need for security but Santander need to sort these issues out            
                There have been many problems over the years, the final straw being the weeks (so far) it has taken for new security credentials to arrive.            
                They don't let me log in to my account and blocked it because the man on the phone asked me: "How old will you be on your next birthday" and because of his Muslim? northeast? accent, I couldn't know what he said for 4 time, and after that I answered him my date of birth but he said "no I want to know how old you will be!!??????? How on earth should you ask a women her age? and also with stupid accent, question, you blocked their account??? Stupid customer service and bank! And also Santander!!!! please HIRE A STAFF WHO CAN SPEAK ENGLISH PROPERLY!!!!! I don't know why they can hire a person without the least knowledge and know how to count a customer age by their birthday!!!!! LOWCLASS BANK!!! AVOID!!!!! I CLOSED MY ACCOUNT RIGHT AFTER THAT!            
                My elderly parents use a pass book so they always know how much they have to spend. Based on this they have just had building work done and need to pay the builder. When they went to the branch today to transfer the money they were told it looked like the amount was wrong and they needed a new book. They had to wait whilst a manager was called which was embarrassing and were then told a withdrawel of £2000 made in December was missing from the book so the amount available was £2000 less. No apology for the error or wait and no clear explanation even though they know my parents are elderly and have health issues and my father said he wasn't happy. The old book was kept so we can't check the records and we are now £2000 short to pay the builder. Surely they can't do this? I will be making alternative banking arrangements for them asap.            
                I have had my current mortgage for almost 10 years. It was an A&L mortage which Santander took over some years ago. I applied to port my mortgage and reduce it by a few thousand to purchase a shared ownership property. This was declined due to my self-employed salary being lower previous years when I was expecting my little girl and when she was a newborn. However this has steadily increased over the last two years and my projections for next year show an increase in earnings.  I then went through a broker who got it through on my salary by providing details from my accountant. I was issued a mortgage offer which was withdrawn three hours later. I only found out today as my solicitor was notified, I received the paperwork for the mortgage offer in the post today. Santander refused to provide me with an answer as to their change of decision. I have sold my property and am due to complete within the next week. I was meant to move at the end of this week to the new property. Santander have refused to provide either myself or my mortgage broker with a reason as to why the mortgage offer was withdrawn. What a heartless lender! I hope no one else suffers the stress I have. It is so immoral how Santander treats its customers.            
                Okay so yeah I lost my wallet. On Sunday evening at 10pm (When I realised) I began cancelling my stuff.Barclays, Tesco, Aqua, Vanquis, Luma and CapitalOne where as expected. I called the number, spoke to a human and job done. Took no more that about 30 mins to do the lot.Only Santander left to go. Only problem being is that even though on their website they have two different numbers to call to report your card lost or stolen, neither of them answered. I might somewhat expect this from a company like Vanquis, but seriously, Santander? Needless to say I had to give up and sleep knowing that someone had my unblocked cards. Not cool. The next day I call up and get through and am told their line is 24/7. I consider this a lie as I waited for 40minutes to get through and 20 minutes on the alternative number (Which was clearly the same line). Beings every other card provider answered their line immediately, I highly doubt that anyone would have answered.What this boils down to is that Santander are pretty useless as a bank. I have closed my accounts and will never open anything with them again. If my cards were used last night I'm 100% sure that Santander would have blamed me for not reporting it lost. Not that I had serious money in this account but is that seriously a risk you are willing to take? No thank you, goodbye.            
                I lost my pin and requested a new one, was then told they cant give me over the phone i must attend a branch to go through security. From that point on I couldn't do anything on my account including mobile banking, my money was trapped in the account which I was simply trying to get an explanation as to why my account was flagged up. The adviser on the line was not willing to help, she just simply said 'i cant tell you anything, go to the branch' when i then asked for an alternative to access my money she then started threatening to terminate the call before she cant help and doesn't want to keep repeating herself.Absolutely disgusting the lack of sympathy, no effort put in to help me understand the situation or at least find an alternative. She had no cares whatsoever that i had to travel early morning with kids for the half term and no access to my money, she just simply terminated the call.            
                Countless letters from both us and CAB explaining our situation, still we get more letters saying they havent heard from us ,whilst we have letters here that reply to our letters. Only credit card where we have ever had fraud happen on it. Boy did they want to argue how my husband could be at work and in London ordering from Nandos at the same time .I was of the understanding creditors couldnt harrass you? You cant talk to them, you cant write to them, because they dont listen,no one wants to be made redundant just before Xmas when thier 63 and in bad health.Maybe they will be happy when my husband has a heart attack ?            
                Had a cheque sent back to me, they admitted it was their error and paid £50 into my account as a good will gesture.            
                For two years I have been trying to pay them the money we owe on our mortgage they have been un helpful and despite being supposed to do everything in their power to keep you in your home it feels more like they are trying to do their best to get us out of our house all we owe is 15k and thee rotten to the core Santander staff won't help, they won't accept a F&F settlement shame on you Santander. Your greed is beyond anything I've ever seen I am looking forward to the day when we pay you what we owe you so we can have a Santander paper burning party & get you out of our hair once and for all. I hope you rot in hell 19/04/17 Horay we are finally free of this awful disgusting bank, they have done NOTHING TO HELP US SHAME ON YOU. Anyone want to come to a Santander paper work burning party            
                They are no help at all.Santander are taking me to court about my car finance. I've already paid off half the loan. I've recently been made homeless. I wanted a payment holiday, which they have refused.Santander are not that sympathetic over the phone, infact sometimes they are really rude and ask personal questions.I'm going to see my MP about this matter.Do not bank with Santader. They have no heart!            
                I have had an issue with payment to a company that then never sent the goods and wouldn't send a refund. I bank with Santander and they were great in assuring me they could help me get my money back and talking me through the process.            
                Applied for a loan over the phone for a £20,000 at a rate of 3.4%. After half an hour on the phone was told my rate would be 13% despite having several loans with them over the years and a faultless repayment record. Declined their loan and applied with First Direct whom I bank with. After literally a few clicks and maybe 1 minute time in total was given a loan at 3.3% for exactly the same amount over the the same repayment period.  Best not waste any further time with them ever.            
                Firstly, before it's accused - I'm an employee or in anyway affiliated with Santander.In fact prior to this recent experience, I'd not experienced anything more than average service from my dealings with Santander.However in recently went through the mortgage application process, as a first time buyer and the level of service provided by Santander has been absolutely outstanding.From the basics of explaining each step to the little things like calling me in their own time to keep me updated or just check in on whether I needed anything.In may have got lucky and found an outstanding Mortgage Advisor (Tom, Blackburn branch) but I honestly could not have asked for more from Tom from start to finish.He was honest, transparent and fully explained everything that was going on - you could clearly tell that he was being driven by customer service and no targets.I don't usually review anything and rarely provide feedback, but my recent experience with Santander was such that I felt obliged to share.I will most certainly recommend them, particularly to first time buyers.            
                Poor customer service. Rip off £36.99 monthly charges for being less £5 overdrawn for a few days without noticing as don't use the account much. Then they take charges from a credited account causing it to go overdrawn and then they do the same the next month. It's an absolute disgrace and cannot be legal to deliberately put people into debt. Don't believe a word their to afverts say as it's all rubbish. Any problem bless you might have with your account don't think they will help you - no way. Money taken and asked to be recalled within a hour and they refused. Goods never arrived so in the end has to pay for court, enforcement etc to get my money back which is supposed to be protective by the bank - NOT SANDTANDER but if it was Barclays they would of recalled it. They the worse bank I have ever come across - so use them at your peril            
                I have been with Santander for a good number of years without any real cause for complaint as I have never actually needed to contact them, however that changed recently when I needed to contact them regarding a disputed payment. I initially got through reasonably quickly to their Sheffield office, but the disputed payments branch is in Liverpool. I waited about 5 minutes to be re-directed and then spoke to an operator to whom I attempted to outline the problem. I was rewarded with a series of questions in a flat, detached couldn't care less tone of voice. I answered as best I could and judging from the noise at the other end of the phone the operator was frantically typing my responses as I spoke. Having (presumably) taken everything down, said operator then proceeded (I suspect deliberately) to launch into a volley of staccato rapid fire scouse which I think was explaining the procedure and what would happen next. Barely able to understand a word of what had just been said, I simply replied OK. I think I managed to catch something about some paperwork being sent through the post, so I will wait with interest to see if anything actually arrives.Edit: Phoned again 5 days to update them as the disputed payment had actually been refunded by the company concerned. Was informed that the disclaimer forms were not raised as "the line had been disconnected", which is odd as I didn't realise it was possible to have a conversation over a disconnected line. Still, at least as the second operator informed me, "you've got your money back haven't you"?            
                I cancelled my 123 current account and credit card back in 2015 when Santander introduced charges, but the credit card was not cancelled in time and they insisted that their annual charge for the whole of 2016 was irreversible for a card I neither wanted or used. Having reluctantly paid this I was bewildered to return from a spell abroad and see monthly charges going out at the end of 2016, so rang to cancel it again. I'm utterly astonished to see another charge go out this month, in February 2017. I've just sat on hold for 20 minutes to speak with the complaints department who assure me that they have finally closed the account- but they have no interest in refunding these charges. I've never before known a bank to be so poor.            
                It's about time that Santander relized people don't just work Monday to Friday any more in this 7 day a week world. Basic hours and overtime rates make up a take home wage. When asking for help this needs to be taken into account.            
                We recently purchased a new home. After shopping around we decided to use the mortgage adviser at our bank - Dominic. We honestly didn't know where to start and he guided us through the process and kept us informed throughout. The purchase was not without issue but thanks to Dominic being so thorough and fleet of foot we managed to get our dream home. We simply cannot thank him enough. I would highly recommend.            
                Was on hold to santander for 45 mins! I then got the message at 9 o'clock "our contact centres are now closed, I'm sorry we were not able to handle your call" raging is not the word... listening to that God awful hold music and "I'm sorry, we are really busy at the moment, please continue to hold and I will handle your call as soon as I can" 😠😠 doesn't help that my letter also said they were open until 11. No wonder people are raging by the time they speak to someone...            
                Santander hook you in with a 3% interest rate on saving,then after 6 months they drop it to 1.5%,Every time I try to use my debit card I get security checkedevery time I call customer service I am kept on hold until I just give upI have now cancelled my account, Please please cancel your accounts with these bunch of amateurs, if enough people cancel their business with Shitander they maybe they will get the message            
                Online banking sucks. I changed three cards because I had problems getting my money I changed No more problems            
                My own account my own tax paid money salary every month still for no reason didn't allow me make transfer to my own bank account abroad was only few hundreds After few days call me you can make transfer now by asking why didn't allow few days ago advise me we can't tell what a joke my tax paid money my bank account and they are not telling me why            
                I had a 10 months interest free credit card from this bank, with no notification they started to charge me interest, i called them to state that this is wrong and interest free period still had 2 month free before interest would be chargeable.  I had a complete incompetent customer adviser who after telling him how to do his job refunded my interest.when next statement came through he had not action it, again another 2 hours on the phone and I was assured it would be dealt with, again it wasn't.Then to make things worse I did not receive my December 2016 statement when I called up to get a balance to pay before interest was going to be added I was told a wrong amount and also SANTANDER can not take payments from another bank account or card...have to pop into branch which is miles away for me or send in a cheque, so I sent in a cheque. all good until I received my January statement which had and outstanding balance of £20. due to the fact that the previous advisor gave me the wrong balance to pay which meant that I did not clear the entire balance. now I have been told by a Incompetent Manager that the interest will be chargeable on the whole purchases amount I made in December rather than the out standing balance of £20 even though all the balance was paid off except for £20 and which was also not my fault I was given that amount by adviser.  He was not willing to budge and i have today had to pay £40 interest on an outstanding balance of £20...DAY LIGHT ROBBERY SPRINGS TO MIND. today I have closed my credit card and savings account with this Rubbish bank and taken my business to a PROPER BANK.            
                Why, in 2017, do I have to wait for a password reset IN THE POST, which I won't get for 4 working days? Especially after having validated my identity with them on the phone.The staff I have dealt with are polite and helpful but their processes and technology need dragging into the modern age. So frustrating!!            
                I tried to change online password. However somehow I got locked out of account.After eventually getting through to a customer rep I was told they would send new password in post. As I'm away for a few days this will mean no access to my account for a week. Rep not all helpful. I will be closing the account which again is no easy matter.            
                So tired of all this... can't believe it looking at all the reviews!I started my call around 8pm....when I reached 9pm, after at least 40 min of  the annoying loop on "I am sorry to keep you waiting. Please carry on holding and I'll put you through"... I got a very punctual "I am sorry to say it's 9pm, our lines are now closed, call back tomorrow"It hurst me giving you this 1 star Santander, as you really don't deserve it, hope Trustpilot will add the 0 stars option for the likes of you.            
                I have withdraw my money from them. They did not refund me instantly for a chargeback. Not to talk about the contradicting agents and the delay tactics.            
                After banking with them and depositing a large amount of money and guaranteed clearance to find out it will be another two days manager calls customers liers and becomes aggressive I will highly recommend anyone to change banks as there frauds not willing to help anyone as long as there earning interest            
                Awful. Answer your phones. Put on more staff. Credit customers who have waited too long. Give queue updates. Its just so awful.            
                My wife set up the 123 Account some time ago and arranged for her salary to be paid in. Unfortunately, she thought that her salary would trigger the interest as she wasn't bothered about the cash back offer so didn't set up the two direct debits. Nowhere does it say that both a minimum payment into the account of £500 and the setting up of two DD's trigger the interest. The little conjunction ' and' is nowhere to be seen on ads or app forms. Santander now refuse to credit any interest for the past year two years and the balance has now reached £20,000 so there's a lot at stake. Anybody else in this position?            
                Blocked my card and declined the payment when I tried to buy a cooker from Tescos Direct. There was 30 times that amount of money in the account, and I do grocery shopping at Tescos every week, and had bought a washing machine from Tescos the week before. on the same card.My complaint, though, is that it took over an hour to get through to anyone, who then said that they could not deal with it, but someone would ring back in 48 WORKING hours, that is, more than a weeks time. No apology, just a mealy mouthed "sorry IF you feel that way" , which isn't really an apology at all. No compensation for my inconvenience or the hour on the phone. I agree with other people on this site, Santander's staff training, switchboard and customer service plumbs the depths of poor performance and bad customer service.            
                I was very surprised to be told today(19/1/2017) that Santander banks in Scotland do not keep £50 English notes. Isn't it supposed to be an International bank? My simple request for the notes was met with a lot of blah blah and I was also told my bank card which is valid until 2020 is not valid because it doesn't have some 'new technology'. Why have I not received a letter about this? I'm a dissatisfied customer.            
                Had an Alliance and Leicester account,  best bank experience ever... Bought out by Santander and consistent worst experience of my life!  Transferred a credit card balance on 0% transfer fee.. They took my Direct debit twice In one month then when I rung to sort,  credited the extra payment but put it through as a cash advance.. Despite numerous calls this cost me monthly  interest on a 0% balance transfer facility!!!  Finally gave up on getting the interest credited after spending my life on the phone to their customer service department.  Uncountable amount of customer service problems over the years but Finally completely had enough today when transferred money from my isa for a business transaction and spent 2 hours on the phone over 3 occasions to sort a security check which was done incorrectly twice... What a shame of a business... 1 security check is comforting but 2 hours and 3 times in the same morning to transfer a business sale....?, what a bunch of incompetent bankers .. Not even a genuine apology for costing me 2 hours of lost business... WORST BANK IN THE HISTORY OF BANKING...... PLEASE AVOID THESE IDIOTS AT ALL COSTS...            
                Very very long wait times on the phone - gave up after 20 minutes.unclear instruction on how to set up online banking.Messed up my balance transferFirst use of the card after activating it was declined - cannot get in touch with them due to the wait times being so long.            
                My bank details recently changed and they're not able to change it over the phone or internet in 2017!  They're claiming that they send form but I've not received it. As summary then I've paid penalty for missed payment.            
                I was horrified to read that over 80% of reviewers thought Santander was worth only one star! When Santander bought Abbey National way back when it was a complete shambles, I even started receiving statements addressed to other people, the staff had no idea what was going on and were happy to tell customers the truth.  I changed banks of course, Last August I was seduced into going for the high interest 123 current account and haven't looked back since.  I've closed my accounts with Nationwide (who are still living in the dark ages as far as IT is concerned!) and have been delighted with the fraud prevention and comprehensive internet account facilities provided by Santander.  Having said that I keep my account in credit, don't write cheques, never phone them for anything just use secure messaging online (I hate the phone).  Bit disappointing that the rate has been halved to 1.5% on balances up to £20k but still generous when compared with anywhere else and definitely worth the fiver a month account charge. Well done Santander you're right up there with the top banks now!            
                It used be a great Internet bank with generous interest, but now it is hardly worth depositing money in the 123 current account since interest rate slashed and fees bumped up to £5.I have to say it is not the best bank for current account, it often freezes my account as precautionary fraud measure to money transcation. The worst, they left me credit check foot prints when investigating my accounts when they froze my account for a genuine payment transcation for annual service charge.            
                Their telephone banking service has been dreadful for years.  I wanted to pay a bill on line today.  £300.  Not a huge figure.  They have now brought in that they text a number to your mobile.  For a start, we live in the country so reception is poor. Also I had not updated by mobile.  I was on the telephone for three quarters of an hour whilst I was asked my telephone banking code - which has changed every single time I have called, my full name, my date of birth, my address, my credit card details including the security code.  There is £13K in the account and they refused to transfer £300.  I asked why they could not call me back on the home telephone number which is on the account they refused point blank.  It seems the criminals can easily access our banking details but we, the customers, cannot access our own money - and what is more they charge £5 for a month for this atrocious service.  Rather than go out of their way to help, they go our of their way to be as unhelpful as they possibly can.            
                Absolutely appalling! Not straight forward at all! Something needs to be done as it's awful! The registering for online and phone service is flawed and needs to be sorted as I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way.            
                Consistently slow and poor service. I could tolerate it due to my limited need to interact with the banking system, but when I needed them the most to report a stolen credit card, there is no way to do this without waiting an hour on the phone--still unable to reach them. You would think there would be a dedicated link or number for this purpose. I am changing banks as soon as possible due to this unbelievable lack of options.            
                without blaming a nice gentleman and a wonderful lady on the phone who handled my 45 minute phone call to reverse an incorrect direct debit amount to their own credit card, I wasn't offered any compensation for wasting my time, energy & phone bill for this call, but at least pushed for a customer dissatisfaction log entry to be made for this pathetic experience.TIME TO MOVE ON for a bank who would value their customers.            
                Don't know where to start I had to close my account as Sandanter have let so many fraud transaction go through and even said how do they know it's not me!! I asked to not let gambling transactions go through and to be  blocked. Then another transactions went through and when I called, they said they can't block gambling website. Then fraud happened again after they promised me they have blocked online transactions they said they would look into. I only got a small amount back after 4 weeks and now they decided to close the case without informing me. I'm still awaiting £240. This is an awful company have been advising people not to open an account with them!            
                They froze my high interest deposit account, as I had not paid into it for a year. I told them I wanted to close it and take the money out. Now they are demanding all sorts of proofs of address which cant give as I live in temporary rented accommodation as I am between jobs. They refuse to listen and just parrot the same things at me. They told me to come back and apply to transfer the the money when I move to permanent accommodation. I don't know when this will be. I told them next step is my lawyer.  You are better off hiding the money under a mattress, Customer service is not in the Santander vocabulary.            
                Won't let me move money round freely and hold funds until they get fraud dept to look into it Blocks account for tiny transactions and spend ages in hold to get account unblocked, however will freely let me do a large transaction ( thousands) to someone I've never paid before More hassle then it's worth, I mean, how hard do they want it to be? I just want to spend MY money without being declined and spending my time on the phone justifying my spending habits. Can't wait to get overdraft paid off and I'll be going with Barclays            
                Received a closure of old account letter today, was given option to pay money in or  have them close my account and pay my money to a charity of their choice.  I rang the number 0800 068 8347 on their letter and said I wanted to pay money in, and could they help me.  They could not help me with their sort code to allow me to make this payment, and the choice I had was to close my account, which I expressed I was unhappy with.  Not really sure why an account helpline could not help with a sort code!!!!!!            
                Worst Bank ever and will be switching account asap. Tried to pay for an online order of £967 and my card was blocked. Rang them for verification, despite passing all the security questions and a phone call from the bank on my  phone to make sure t was me, they would not unblock my card. I was advised to take my ID to my local branch after spending all morning on the phone with customer service. It ended costed me an extra £300 just to make a purchase.            
                Had an account for a few years lots of issues .... Stopped some legitimate transactions  and allowed fraudulent direct debits.....They seem to have it wrong but won't admit ...I will be moving  banks            
                Horrible, doom, waste my time sell Santander not more again bank....            
                On hold for half an hour on the customer helpline. No answer, I've given up. Very frustrating.            
                Today I tried to purchase an £800 laptop and was told there was a problem and I needed to call them. So I called them and they had to call me back for security reasons (which I picked up)... however I was in the middle of work I had to hang up as it suddenly got extremely busy. Because I hung up (rediculous! I could have called them back) I now have to go to a branch and prove that the card actually belongs to me. Cant even make my purchase. Have purchased products over £2,000 without problen before this happened. Rubbish bank, rubbish service and will definately be closing all my accounts with them when I next go to a branch.            
                Today I discovered that Santander had closed my account - 3 days before Christmas - without warning. I spoke to them on the phone and they told me they have sent me a cheque with my balance (my Christmas shopping money) - I told them "what good is a cheque when I don't have a bank account" - they told me to open an account elsewhere. We all know it takes 2-4 weeks to open a bank account and at this time of year probably longer. If they were half decent they would give you warning and at the very least allow you to collect your money from the branch. No doubt they will earn a bit of interest on my cash as it will be the best part of a month before it can be paid in anywhere.There should be an obligation on the banks to give you a months warning so you can arrange another account and they should allow you to collect cash - not send you a cheque - I have been with them for over 25 years without any complaints from them.            
                I don't want to waffle about my experiences with Santander; but seriously think twice before you commit yourself banking on this bank.The staff at my local bank have been most unhelpful and very rude on numerous occasions. Even when I have officially complained, my response has been unmet with understanding or responsibility. You are made to feel that you the customer are the guilty party.The waiting times in the  bank and phone enquiries are long. There is no privacy in the banks especially where you may have to use the bank's internal phone network to disclose your personal details to Santander credit cards, etc. Anyone can over hear your private information. Imagine your phone number, date of birth and address details along with your account number and sort code being listened in to by someone waiting or pretending to be waiting in line!!!!!!!!Shocking. This has happened on many occasions to me.            
                Twice recently I have tried to make online purchases, only for them not to complete. I phoned the number on the back of my card and navigated my way through the automated system. Upon reaching the 'declined payment' section I was asked by an automated voice to dial in my Debit Card number. I tried this several times but it kept telling me it wasn't recognised, so eventually I was put through to an actual person (after holding for about another 10 minutes!). I told her my problem, went through a number of security checks, and was then told she was going to put me through to the Security Team. I am on hold again for another 12 minutes, and then the line goes dead!!Incensed at this, but with little other choice, I went through the same process again, but didn’t get as far as actually talking to someone as I was on hold for 23 minutes before I slammed the phone down and purchased my product through Paypal.I am told that other banks contact you shortly after an expensive online purchase is attempted to confirm it is you. However, Santander do not do this so it is up to you to clear the block on your account. This can take up to half a day. This is a disgrace.I’m all for security and stopping people fraudulently using my card details, but if they block an online purchase you should be able to contact an exclusive number to clarify it is a genuine purchase.I am not with Santander by choice. All the banks I used previously kept getting taken over until I eventually ended up with them.            
                Won't log me in even though all of my details are correct, I see online that this is a common issue. Online and mobile banking always down which is extremely frustrating as I very often need to use these services.And then helpline isn't 24 hours, this is 2016 and I currently am unable to complete an important transaction from MY PERSONAL FUNDS. Disgraceful.            
                Shocking customer service and they published incorrect contact details,I had a problem operating my online account while overseas (my account had been set to  display only  for some reason never explained to me) and tried to contact CS but the number online was incorrect  (the number does not exist actually) I  ended up spending about £50 on international calls for nothing as they did not resolve the issue.  I gave up on Santarder and  contact my other bank provider instead. Once back in the UK, I put a complain that went nowhere. I am just closing the account once I moved all my direct debits.            
                Waited More than an hour to do ONE SIMPLE JOB. Waited in the main queue for 15 minutes to transfer some money from one account to another just to be told that I have to go back to the front desk to do transfers. So I go to the front desk to do a transfer only to be told that it's going to take long to carry out the transfer so to take a seat to be called up instead. Waited for about THIRTY MINUTES only to be 'forgotten' about. Then went up to the lady that served me and said she forgot and will serve me after she serves another customers. Absolutely appaulling.            
                I didn't think Santander could get any worse, 2.5 hrs waiting in a queue, finally having to give up!!Apparently their average answer time yesterday was 2 seconds, something is seriously wrong with these clowns.Words cannot describe how 💩💩💩💩💩💩            
                Useless!!! Spent over an hour trying to get through to someone as they have blocked my card (because I've used it) and they think it may be fraud still waiting for someone to answer the phone.            
                I want to log into my bank and I am endlessly confronted with gormless females staring into phone / tablet screens. This has nothing to do with my bank or banking! I dont want to see it. Save it for the gormless adverts for overpaid F1 drivers and Olympic stars!!!! Santander please do a professional style app that isnt race, feminist nonsense generic! Real people exist too you know. You know - the ones who arent mysoginist white racists. Maybe equality means equality. Look it up in a frickin dictionary. But maybe white male people exist too (just saying)Sick and tired of staring at these gormless freaks on my app - at least refresh the actors once in a while so I am looking at OTHER gormless actors. You really do not know your customers at all. You disgust me on so many levels but in this era of political correctness I very much doubt you would have any understanding of my comments. In in a time and place when being british is inherently racist (somehow!) I fail to have any understanding of your racist attitudes against the British indigenous population.OMG there I said it - I invoked the R word! So have to take me seriously now right? Umm prolly not as I would have to have qualified as BAME under the anti-white act of never was written but is the politically correct norm.            
                Possibly the worst bank in existence with incompetent staff and totally useless systems. Tried to pay off s credit card bill online, only to find it later didn't work. When I called to correct this, I was asked for my online login password which I gave, only to be told that this was incorrect and as a consequence my whole online banking had to be suspended while I was sent new log in details. So trying to correct THEIR error has in effect made things worse for me. Thanks a lot. Will be transferring elsewhere as soon as I can.            
                Absolutely rubbish, and I am not joking. Utter Garbage. The worst bank that has ever existed. Good luck even accessing your OWN money without them blocking your card for absolutely no good reason, abroad OR at home. Security gone bonkers. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!            
                Branch near my house has 1 teller working and a huge line of customers waiting. I was there for 40 min, teller took care of only 1 customer. I left very upset. People don't have all day to spend in a line. Horrible!!! This bank is too cheap to hire extra tellers.            
                They literally did not let me make an international payment. They said they'll call me for confirmation and they never did. When I called them back to ask what's happening, they told me they don't have my phone number long enough to call me, so they refuse to make the payment. THE WORST BANK EVER CREATED. SHAME ON THE EXPLOITERS.            
                If I could give this bank no stars, I would in a heartbeat! This bank does not take care of your money. Someone stole my mom's account information twice within a few months and Santander actually had the nerve to claim that one of the stolen transactions was her own transaction even though it was in a different state then the one she lives in. They ended up never returning her money, which is absurd! Thankfully she closed her account on the spot and will never be using santander ever again.            
                Rediculously large cancellation fee for such a small premium - Unacceptable - Will take my business elsewhere when I need housing insurance again.            
                On numerous occasions i transfer funds abroad. Always a problem and a delay. This time its was a week before they decided to call me to query the transfer - having debited my account on the day i did it.  I missed an exchange rate advantage and the recipient was unimpressed. i lost money on this deal.  I am a Select Customer without an account manager - her number does not work.Truly Truly a shocking amateur Bank   To be avoided at all costs !!!!!            
                Good regarding initial letters and information, but once you try to get on line the problems start.  I tried to log on with the security details I had been sent.  It was fine and simple.  I was in and logged on!  Later in the day I tried again, but it would not work.  Tried several times.  No good.  Called helpline; I was told that I would have to wait for new security to be sent out.  That came this morning..... it does not work.  Phoned customer services.  She will post out new security details which I should get within 4 days.  So then I will have 3 lots of security details from Santander, as well as the personalised details which I set on the one occasion I was able to log in.  I will have waited about 2 weeks from opening my account before being able to use it from home, and that assumes that it will work next time, when I receive the latest batch of security info.Having read other reviews on this site I know I can expect little more than further problems when I actually come to try to conduct banking business.  The one good point so far has been that the advisers I have spoken to have tried their best to be helpful.  Unfortunately they, as we, are trying to deal with a rubbish system.  The last woman I spoke to pointed out that I could go and visit my local branch and conduct business there.  Welcome back to the 1960s!            
                I opened an account with Santander a couple of weeks ago, as I needed a place to park some funds for a few months whilst building work was going on. And Santander's 1-2-3 account had the best interest rate. The initial appointment was OK. The account got set up, and I was sent the details to log in. That's where the good customer service ended. When I first used their online system, I obviously changed my password, etc, and set up some Direct Debits. Next thing I know, I've got an email "reminding" me of part of my login details. I've just used them to log in, so clearly I don't need "reminding." All banks do when they send emails like that is hand part of your authentication details to scammers. Email is not a secure medium. By sending that email, they'd left part of my login details unencrypted on every mail server between Santander and my Inbox.I develop secure systems for a living, and stupidity like this makes me do a double facepalm. When I complained about it and asked them to refrain from this behaviour, I was mansplained by some customer services representative that scammers couldn't use just part of my details to log in. No sh1t, Sherlock. But scammers can and do regularly use such information to establish legitimacy in the mind of other equally-clueless bank workers and thereby socially engineer access to other details and hence the full account. If a scammer with this info were to walk into a branch knowing one part of my security info, then claim to have mislaid the rest, there are plenty of bank workers stupid enough to reset passwords, etc. to ones the scammer has chosen. Because after all, who but the legitimate account holder would know the partial information being presented? Santander doesn't seem a particularly secure place to keep your money. After seeing the unconscious ineptitude and certainty of a fool in the responses of customer services when I pointed out the gaping holes in their security, I was not minded to keep my money here. Other issues I experienced included a rude advisor when applying for a mortgage. Applying for a mortgage involves being asked lots of questions, which I was very patient in providing answers to. But when I asked a few questions myself I was huffily asked "if I was serious about this mortgage?" How I wonder would they have perceived me had I been so defensive and hostile about merely being asked reasonable due dilligence questions? (FWIW, the questions that prompted this strop were "Why are you setting up a Direct Debit now, when the mortgage hasn't been approved yet? This is a new account that I don't even have the Debit Card for yet, and I'd like to make sure there's money in it before setting up any payments to avoid inadvertently having an unapproved overdraft." and "I don't want to reduce the term of my current mortgage, please keep that the same".) Their defensiveness put me off so much I went with another lender, even though I'm about the most secure risk any lender could have and was ultimately made a written mortgage offer by Santander.Other problems in just the month since I opened the account have included my initial mortgage application being automagically rejected. When I called to find out why, it turned out to be because their system had apparently recorded me as being "an EEA citizen". Leaving aside the small matter that, being British, I technically *am* an EEA as well as an EU citizen since the latter is a sub-set of the former, I had not been asked whether I was or was not an EEA citizen on the mortgage questionnaire. (Which in their incorrect definition would apparently mean "being a national of a country like Iceland or Norway that is in the EEA but not the EU.") Anyway, as I say, I hadn't even been asked the question, but they'd somehow concluded I was not an EU citizen or British, and rejected my mortgage application out of hand on that basis. Some weeks after the mortgage debacle had been sorted out and I'd been made an offer that I had declined, I received a letter from Santander, stating that they understood I was "now a US citizen", and demanding that I provide them with notarised copied of my identity documents forthwith. This is only a few weeks after I'd set up the account, which involved goiing in to a branch with my actual original identity documents and them taking copies of them at that juncture. So it appears that cock-ups about customer nationality is a bit of a Thing for Santander.The above incompetence all left an impression that this bank is clueless in the extreme, and that the left hand doesn't know that there even is a right hand, let alone what it is doing.Overall, it's not been good. And with their interest rate falling from 3% to 1.5% recently, the actual benefits of the account aren't even that attractive any more. I'll be transferring to another bank as soon as some other issues like recent Direct Debits I set up with new suppliers have settled down, and the new suppliers are bedded in.            
                Never enough cashiers open and all too frequently a long wait. Not efficient at all and just unworkable for customers who are incredibly busy and don't have time to wait.            
                I write this as I sit next to my partner who is in the 2nd hour of being on hold calling Santander's 'customer service' line. This bank has caused nothing but problems for myself and my partner. I was overdrawn by £10 and the next day I paid the £10 back with interest and they continued to charge me by £10 a day increasing every week, the next week it was £50 a day charges and so on, until I was put in serious debt. It was only after about 15 drawn out phone calls to the customer service (which by the way is awful - at least half an hour a time being put on hold before I got to speak to anyone) I had to contact an ombudsmun to get the charges cancelled. My partner has recently been made redundant, and has been charged by Santander for having no money in his account after the bank took the remaining money he had left, any money that has been put into his account as a loan from family has subsequently been stolen from his account by the bank and then charged for not having any money in his account when they were the one who took his money. Santander are not a bank that is in any way helpful to those in debt or have lost their job. We are trying to sort this out and the man put us on hold. It's been over 2 hours on the phone and no-one has answered. They keep playing the same music over and over again which we have to listen to otherwise we might lose our place in the queue. Why don't they have a call back service instead of making people wait for so long?! I'm assuming the wait is so long because so many other people are phoning with complaints. As if they can't afford to pay for more staff for the customer service lines. We are doubtful they are even going to offer some sort of solution to the problems they have caused. We will be leaving this bank as soon as possible.            
                (1) Every time I need to use the mobile app I have to restart my iPhone 7 (2) twice I have gone to use my debit card to make a large payment and had security block it this is a massive embarrassment it won't be happening again as I will be moving banks to the Halifax (3) 35 yrs with this bank and still cannot get a credit card from them absolute joke but I can get one from capital one            
                I would have left minus stars if I could.  We were originally with Alliance and Leicester and sadly this was taken over by Santander.  Up until that point we had had very positive experiences with our banking.  The positivity went with A and L.  We have had nothing but problems since.  Not being able to access our account, hitting brick walls with the appalling call centre which on average you have wait twenty to thirty minutes before anyone answers your call and then you 'fail' their security check and you are unable to talk to anyone about it.  All for some very simple request like a cheque book!!  We have bank accounts with Nat West, Barclays and Yorkshire.  We have NEVER experienced this dreadful customer service from them.  If you are changing accounts my advice is to look elsewhere!            
                Called twice, on hold for 25 mins both times second time got disconnected!!!! They have my number on file do you think they called back.NO AGHHHHH! Very very poor customer experience. Was moving accounts around now may move to Natwest            
                I've recently been through financial difficulties in my business due to ill health and Santander have been wonderfully understanding of my situation. Having a major financial institution showing such sympathy to a small business totally renews your faith in the establishment. Special thanks to Leanne in the Business Banking division who was so lovely.            
                Don't forget your security code, or even if you know it, that might not work properly and block your online account, then you will have to call them, and wait for someone that will ask for other security checks... especially recent direct debit amounts, that you don't know either because you don't use this account often and also because you don't have your statement, as you cannot connect! I had to call them 5 times. It is enough.            
                I transferred a lot of money to my daughter on laptop for the second time. Sent a 1£ the first time to make sure correct account. account then blocked.They blocked account and had to phone and verify not a scam. prioritised when I told them she was waiting on mainland to buy a car . Thanks all the Santander team.Super bank  Glad to see good security.            
                This was a farce from beginning to end - all we wanted was a joint account but the girl who "interviewed" us simply did not grasp why we wanted the account.  She steadfastly misunderstood and gave no indication she knew what she was talking about.  The UPSHOT here is we went with Natwest.  New customers beware - Santander want you to have the account THEY want you to have,   The whole experience for a new customer was terrible to say the least - I'm never going to set foot in, or ahve anything to do with you ever again!NEW CUSTOMERS BEWARE!            
                Santander sent a statement to me with an annual fee $49 posted. I made a phone call (10/26/2016, 11/7/2016, 11/9/2016) to cancel my account and asked for a waiver on the annual fee. They told me that as long as I asked a waiver within 30 days, I can get my fee waived. Additionally, all the staffs I've contacted told me that if my next statement shows zero balance, I can get a waiver on my annual fee. They have noted my request so there should not be any problem even it exceed 30 days. So I paid everything off including the annual fee. At the arrival of the next statement, I called them on 11/23/2016 to waive the fee. Louis, the one who answered my phone call, he told me that all the other staffs did not have the right to waive my fee. So he will not refund my annual fee. And he just closed my account regardless my request. How can a bank lie to their customer? This is outrageous! I feel cheated.            
                Santander held up a payment of several thousand when I recently bought a property. They then released the payment but paid it into an incorrect account. The branch in my new home town are being great but I have had absolutely no contact from the security section and the money has still not been returned to my account. I tried to make a complaint as advised by the branch but have been told that as security are a separate entity, I can only complain to security and not through Santander. I will be looking at closing my account and moving to another more customer focused bank            
                Santander sent me a letter out of the blue saying I had now paid off mymortgage, I knew I had not but I phoned them to complain, they saidit had been sent out in error, but why! the amount they quoted I had paid was the exact same amount that I still owe, I am not due a mortgagestatement until next year and anyway this letter was not in the format of my usual mortgage statement, It began 'we are pleased to inform you' I certainly was not pleased and I when I got a bit ratty on the phone the adviser as rude to me            
                Despite consulting at Santander UK many years ago and seeing just how poorly run they are and how they really view their customers, I decided to take advantage of some of their pretty good interest rates. However, when I ordered some holiday cash and did not get it in the denominated bills I asked for and was told I would, the response was 'it is only about an inch or more thicker' regarding the thickness of the stack of bills. When I complained, it was a big waste of time as they made it quite clear, even in writing, that they didn't care whatsoever. I no longer bank with them, and would advise others not to either.            
                I have been a loyal customer to Santander for a few years, and am considered a "select" customer. However, my recent experience with them has ended up costing me money, which I doubt I will get back, and so I will be cutting all ties with them. The last contact I had was with their complaints department, who were utterly incompetent. I have been looking on money supermarket and the money saving expert to find current accounts, and there are some (TSB, Lloyds) who are offering much higher rates of interest as well, so I will be taking my business there.            
                I could go into a lot of detail but will just leave it at this -* Card is constantly blocked* I've had ten plus cards, which normally last about two weeks before the chip goes* No customer service* The app crashes - and then blocks my account* Nobody has ever cared - I've actually been told I was lying?I'm honestly not making things to look worse than they actually are, take my advice and go with another bank because they are literally awful.            
                Was a very loyal HSBC customer for over 20years before switching and can honestly say what little issues I have had they have been sorted fairly, with explanation and transparency.You walk into a high street branch and they have actual people serving and all are very professional, friendly and helpful. I generally use my bank for simple banking transactions preferring mortgages, insurances and such like items sourced either independently or through an independent financial advisor (IFA) as the rates tend to be better even as a "VIP" customer.            
                I would like to say a big Thank You to Santander for approving the loan for my very first home. Most of all, a massive thanks again for the lovely new home gift I received. I came home to find this package at the door. Nice mugs, coffee and biscuits! What a pleasant surprise! Thanks again Santander, you're the best!Rowena Tiruchelvam            
                SANTANDER top clooney's are nothing but greedy,opportunistic, extortionist advantageous 8/asterds, with no integrity. morals, or human values. how can they sleep the nights raising their families and feeding them with forsefley extorted MONEY from the weak  who have no options  to dump them.don't be loyal to shitander, they won't honor your loyalty in return.KEEP AWAY FROM THEIR MORTGAGES  THEY CAN BECOME "TOXIC" HELL TO YOU SANTANDER BANK, YOU BLEMISHING THE NAME OF A GOOD CITY AND IT'S CITIZENS.            
                I made an on line application over three weeks ago to open a business bank account. I have phoned half a dozen times and still the application has not been worked up.I have a recent mortgage and current account (taking my salary) with them already so all the key information is with them.I can not send out invoices and is severely impacting on my business. I am tempted to change my salary account and mortgage when it comes up to renewal because of the lack of progress on opening my business account. Very poor service indeed from a major high street player.            
                Slow customer service do not open account  there .            
                There is no easier or simpler way to put it, one of the worst decisions I could have made. I could go into a lot more detail but you would be here all day and it would likely take up as much of your time as having to deal with the issues that would come with your Santander business account.            
                If your thinking of opening a business account don't do it. Had all my accounts locked and put under review thanks to a somewhat unethical claim by PayPal. My businesses are now stuck on hold and will soon be at a pivotal point and no matter how many times you call these people you end up non the wiser. Not to mention unable to withdraw cash to live on. More use head butting a wall.            
                It has been about 3 months since I got a business account with Santander.NEVER NEVER get one!It is impossible to work! Every other transaction is being blocked for security reasons... Amazon, O2, Apple.... does not matter the company, everything just keeps flagging up as suspicious for them even though I am making transactions from my own laptop from home. Wasted too much of my time calling them and unblocking the card.I had about 15 transactions blocked in 3 months....Useless customer service.            
                Went to my town centre branch yesterday 30th Oct 2016 to part pay a gas bill. After a few minutes the cashier asked me to confirm the amount on the pad on my side of the counter. I noticed she had entered the wrong amount so I told her. She told me to press cancel which I did. Some minutes later she said the full amount had gone out. As I had not confirmed the transaction on the pad which has a confirm button I queried why the transaction was processed ... it then took 40 minutes of the cashier disappearing 3 times and twice bringing the manageress only to both disappear again , before I got this explanation : The wrong amount had gone out without my say so because ONLY on bill payments the software allows the cashier control  (they did not admit that the cashier had pressed the process key - but that is what happened;  because the cashier was a newly qualified trainee ). I was also told the sum would take up to 3 days to reverse back into my account. I was livid and I am telling everyone to leave Santander. This is not the only bad incident I have had with the bank.            
                A company that says on their own website never disclose your passwords etc  and then ask you to tell them every time you call!!!!In addition they will happily stop your payments for the most most important transactions you will ever make.            
                i have fallen into a cycle of charges every month. Charges are taken at the end of each month leaving the account on negative which produces more charges for the next month. The amount is ridiculous. Customer service in the charges department is terrible and rude. I have paid over £500 charges. They dont want to help. I have called several times.  Whenever  i try to use my card for a transaction over £150 my card is blocked 'for security'. I was at the airport 4am, late for my flight and the card is blocked again. So im there calling santander customer service 4oclock in the morning. Im buying a car so im trying yo transfer money. The card is blocked. I think its better to go for any other bank but Santander.            
                I have never had a bank account with Santander, so was surprised when they wrote to me on the 12th of September last quoting the last four digits of an account together with a last recorded transaction dateInitially I went into my local branch, the lady I spoke to said that before she could do anything I would need to produce my Passport (not something I normally carry!). The second visit was once again partially unsuccessful in that the lady who could deal with this was busy, but I did manage to ascertain from the young man on the desk that it a paltry sum of a few pounds remaining from an ISA I had transferred out some years before (why it hadn’t it been forwarded, and why was it not included??)Third visit, as I got to the front of the queue man a desk walked away and disappeared into a back office area as I stood and waited: I left!Final straw; when I eventually got through on the telephone it was on a par with the Spanish Inquisition which culminated with me telling the operator that Santander could keep the money; as thankfully I am not a customer of theirs nor ever will be            
                I recently transferred a 5 figure sum of money from a Euro account to Santander. On this occasion I pressed the option to allow Santander to make the conversion and not Nationwide International as with previous transactions. The rate on the day was 1.21 to a £. Santander made the exchange at 1.14 - which resulted in a loss of nearly £500. If I had used Nationwide International the rate would have been close to the 1.21 as was the case with previous transaction. I complained to Santander and received a pitiful response. I consider their behaviour as nothing less than THEFT! - no better than if someone had taken £500 from my wallet. I have my business account with them and my personal account. I have lost all confidence in them as a bank and will be making arrangements to transfer my banking elsewhere.            
                If you are thinking of taking a mortgage with this bank, seriously reconsider. Don't just assess the rates and application process. Check out the long term reviews.I was one of the unfortunate customer's whose Abbey National account was taken over by this bank. I'm sorry I didn't switch provider at the time.Due to a change in financial circumstances I struggled at times to keep up to date with my mortgage, but always kept them informed - Well all I can say is they are the most callous, uncaring company I have ever had to deal with.Despite notifying them once again of my circumstances (a bereavement) and via regular I & E forms, they still chose to harass me at a funeral , during medical treatment and charged me for 2 failed field visits and used my mobile number without permission.In addition. rather than award over payments to an outstanding debt, they just reduced the term of my loan thus keeping me in arrears so 'technically' I wasn't.I eventually secured long term , FT employment but unfortunately following a mistake by HMRC I was late again (by a few days) with an arranged payment, but paid in excess of the requested amount....they still opted to pass my account over to their litigation team.To get away from this nasty, appalling company, I've decided to sell my house. However, despite my informing them of my sale, they have suggested court proceedings if I fail to make my monthly payment 8 days before my completion date! I've now had to bring my sale forward as their action would put the sale in jeopardy. I don't actually owe much on the mortgage, but clearly they are keen to get their hands on the property, which has substantial equity in it. Yes, Carpetbaggers would make a suitable strapline for this bank and their partners.You couldn't make it up...all I can say is AVOID...AVOID..AVOID.            
                Telephone customer service  Are  rubbish it because they are not open on a weekend for U to see to ur bank account u have to do it on a weekend but most people want to see the banking on a Saturday or and Sunday I am a hsbc customer for my private banking and I have a phone line that is open seven days a week which  Santander there should have for that business banking. When are time is up I will be taking our business to other bank .            
                Banked with Santander since I was a little girl and got my first savings account. You'd think they'd look after their long term customers!I got charged 100 quid for an unarranged overdraft fee, which took me straight back into another unarranged overdraft. I rang them to explain that their fees had pushed me into another overdraft. Got told to manage my money better.I am disgusted and am leaving my bank in the next few days, as soon as I figure out who to swap to.My partner also had his card eaten at his local branch. Phoned Santander to ask what the hell was going on? The machine was faulty.10 working days to get the card back. That's it. No emergency cash, nothing. How are people meant to live if they have no money?They're the worst bank I have ever dealt with. Cannot wait to leave.Patronising and nauseating phone staff.            
                I've applied for a Santander business start up account almost 4 WEEKS now and I have not had one update or any progression. After calling up multiple time, they keep telling me its with the under writers and there is no direct contact and that I'll get updated once a decision has been made. You would've thought me being an existing Santander account holder would make this easier and quicker. I'm now considering closing all my accounts with Santander because I am appalled with the service.            
                spent 6 hours with mortage advisor over 2 meetings. kept reassuring me all was ok. Gave him exact and correct info about my income then out of the blue agter 5 weeks from beginning to end they offered me 50k less than initially agreed! Total utter waste of my time. Empty promises. Bad communication. Lack of clarity.            
                What a shambles. Just wanted to make an account joint. "Oh you have to have an appointment" . Can I have an appointment ? "Not for 2 weeks". Why do I need an appointment , probably so you can try to sell me something. Going back to Lloyd's !            
                Finally got through..... Been rushed interrupted and left without any help or support !!! Well done Santander been with you for years and considering leaving you !!! No wonder all your reviews are terrible!!            
                tried calling santander fraud department been in que for over a hour this is pathetic!not even worthy of rating them 1 star should be no star            
                Go back to Spain Santander, you are not fit to trade in the UK.I have had the worst customer experience ever with these jokers, constantly calling and emailing but they do not return communication, they are inept, incompetent and have no idea what customer service is.My experience is too long to post but believe me, you'd go grey or bald.As I write this I have just closed my accounts with them, avoid at all costs............            
                After losing my job, and being jobless for 4 months. Santander did nothing to help. they charged me over 1000£ in a year for being overdrawn and missing direct debit. when I called to as for help they offered me nothing, not even a break from the fees. Fair enough they have rules on being overdraft and missing payment, but their response to someone losing their job was not to help but to exploit them.I am now nearly 6 months back in work and I am still struggling with paying back the fees I incurred in my hard time. When you try and sort the problem out they put you on hold for over 45 min at a time.I can't wait to pay them back the money I owe them and transfer my account away. This company has the worst Customer Services I have ever experienced. Do not open an account with them.            
                The menu system doesn't have an appropriate for me to select, if I don't select one it tells me to pick an appropriate option from the menu.  After confusing the menu system I am now on hold so I can speak to someone - been on hold for over twenty minutes now... The irritating robot woman keeps asking me if I am aware of their great offers, over and over and over so - yes - I'm aware of the offers you've told me about three hundred times, thanks!If I could be bothered to switch all my payments over to a different bank I would, but I also have no faith in their ability to assist me in changing everything over.            
                When the UK exits the common market send Santander back to Spain,  good riddance to the jokers. C/S don't have a clue about the layout and details of the poor online system they operate to reset memorable data.  Only at the end it informs you have to wait 4 to 6  days for post to arrive.  So you can't access your bank, completely locked out. Time to contact the ombudsman,  we have taken multiple screen images from the website to prove our case. Time to switch well over due, especially looking at the bad reviews.            
                Online banking not working again! Trying to pay an employee but won't access my online account. No explanation, just doesn't logon and when I try to reset the logon details says there's a technical issue. This is so frequent a problem that it's almost expected every time I use Santander online and it's got me thinking I need to move banks.            
                These clowns take up to 6 working days to get a new business password sent (cannot do this over the phone or email). So I cannot access my business account for a week!And a 40 minute hold to get told this by the way.Only been with them a month. Ill be taking my business account elsewhere.            
                Almost the exact same experience as the previous review.Applied over the phone with all the correct information, was kept on hold when we went through their credit check, told everything was fine.Written application was sent, we include our identification as requested and sent it back.Nothing for over 3 weeks, phoned them up and they wanted more identification including a copy of our marriage certificate! sent it via email, then nothing.After reading more and more reviews I phoned this morning and just told them to cancel it.Wasted months of time waiting and all for a simple Business bank account.Ridiculous company and will be encouraging others to avoid since they obviously do not want or need small businesses money!            
                Today I told Santander to cancel my business account application for a multitude of reasons, but here are the main points:*Told online application takes 3 business days*Applied on the 31st July online. Was emailed 4th August requesting more identification but this all had to be by post. *Also needed a cheque from my bank account to the business bank account. Haven't had a cheque book for 13 years, additional delay in ordering one.*Send documents away 23rd August*Hear nothing. *Phone on the 13th September - informed their service levels have slipped and it will be 15 working days*Hear Nothing*Phone on the 26th September, told there is still a queue and I'll recieve an email soon. *Receive email on 28th September telling me one of my of my documents can't be accepted due to the spelling of my first name, and the other isn't acceptable but no reason is given. *Tell them to cancel and stick it. Honestly, a waste of two months. Also, when I phoned for progress reports, I was often told everyone was too busy so I should call back later. Didn't even get to open the account - dread to think what they'd of treated me like as a customer            
                I wanted to make a payment on my santander credit card for the first time. I was told that I can't make the payment from another bank through the the santander online service as it is not permitted and you can't phone up to make a payment from another bank. I have never had this with any other credit card! I want to make a payment but they won't let me! The only way is to make a payment online by going through the other bank. I told customer service this makes it more difficult for people to pay the credit card service. Was told that's the way it is and they would provide feedback regarding my concerns. When I asked if someone would come back re my concerns/complaint that their system makes it difficult to pay off their credit card I was told no that's the way it is. Rubbish. People more likely to get in debt with credit cards and no one comes back to you re your complaint. What kind of service is that? Poor            
                So bad customer  service... need wait so long.  Can't understand  what the saying            
                My recent experience has been very poor.  Ridiculous waiting time st the branch and online.  In one day I must spent 50 minutes from queuing to being served and leaving.  The same evening I called on the standard line only to wait 25 minutes before speaking to an advisor.  How can 75 minutes in one day be acceptable?   Basically it isn't and this bank really needs to get its act together.  I've been with the bank 25 years and I'm serious about giving my business to another bank.  Not happy at all with their customer service.  Very much a disservice to loyal customers like myself.            
                Simple ? Us for falling for their 123 account, it should now be retitled 1.23% Plain ?  Not very, recently tried to swich an INTERNAL  ddm - took days Fair ? Interest rate cut from 3% > 1.5% after increasing monthly fee  by 150%            
                Santander charged me £95 overdraft for a direct debit payment that left my account earlier than I expected - Ok, that's fair enough, it's a little (note: very) extortionate but I should have known better and checked my statements like Santa checks his naughty/nice list. But honestly, a simple email would have been nice, Santander - regardless, I learn my lesson, pay the fee, and move on.The next month I'm reading my statement and checking it twice when I notice a £24 overdraft fee, recorded on the 5th September. I check my statement for the cause and find nothing. I contact Santander and get a weak message about how it relates to the original overdraft fee which ironically made my account go overdrawn - which I'd like to point out was not on the 5th September but earlier in August. Wow, they got me again. At this point you could say I'm annoyed: I am. I'm currently moving all of my direct debits out of the account and I aim to close it very soon, or at least until after I'm done paying my dues whilst simultaneously hoping they don't force another bill down my chimney....maybe I expect too much.            
                After going through a brief patch of poor health, I was hit with a over £600 worth of bank charges. Why returned direct debits cost the WHOPPING amount that they do with Santander is unknown. I feel robbed, scammed, and livid. I plan to take this as far as possible with my solicitor, the papers, Watchdog, and the FOS. They are NOT going to get away with this.            
                I switched my current account from WorstDefect (FirstDirect) fifteen months ago, following absurd demands for proof of identity and fed up with their big fat zero percent interest rate.I was very happy with Santander at first - until they announced a 150% increase in the monthly service charge, from £2 to £5.Now I've had a letter informing me that the 3% interest on my current account balance is being slashed to 1½%.The entire financial sector is corrupt and rotton to the core.Treble bonuses all round.            
                Waiting almost 8 weeks for a business bank account and still don't know if one will be opened. Very poor communication until I raised a complaint. Compensation given but still no account. Apparently the business banking department is too busy. Let's hope his review contributes to remedying that situation.            
                I have been with Santander for over 15 years, about 4 years ago, l opened another bank account with Halifax. I kept my Santander account as well as used it for separate allowances. Over the last 9 months I've not really used it and received a letter back in March stating that as l didn't use the account they would shut it down. Not a problem. So imagine my surprise when last month l received a letter saying l was overdrawn and had charges worth £280!!!! Firstly l was told my account would be closing and secondly there was no correspondence from them, telling meabout these charges. I called them and asked for an explanation but they didn't really know what they were talking about me and in fear off getting a CJJ l have had to pay it. Absolutely disgusted with the treatment l have received. I work in the business sector myself and will make sure l tell everyone l know not to bank with Santander. Worst bank l have ever banked with.            
                They lied to get me to join them, guaranteeing their app would work for any device (doesn't work on 2 Samsung  tablets and a HTC  phone). Then have the cheek to charge you when a direct debit fails, despite the warning text notification being sent out at night and the money was put back in at 9am the next morning.  The compensation for miss-selling me their services and then the app not working on two devices at the time...now three was plain insulting and the attitude of the bank seems to be one of "if you don't like it, leave". I would never recommend this bank to anyone...ever. Now I'm shopping for a new bank, one that takes care of its customers and can be trusted with my money. Bye-bye Santander, your company stinks!            
                Santander is apparently only interested in business accounts. They give zero priority to personal banking customer service, and seem to have a policy of actively discouraging people to switch to Santander. They have very few advisers available, which means weeks of waiting for an appointment. I eventually got an appointment to switch, in the Eastbourne branch. (12:00 on September 9th),  I arrived with all the necessary documents at 11:50, and could see through the glass walls that the adviser was alone. The receptionist informed her that I had arrived so, naively, I expected to be shown in at 12:00. However, just after 12:00 the receptionist asked 'my' adviser to talk to a customer that had just walked in off the street!  After five or ten minutes, I realised that this random customer had been given MY 12:00 appointment, so I left. I have absolutely no problem waiting when people are running late, but in this case, a client without an appointment was actually given mine, Needless to say, I have now started the switch to a different bank.            
                I submitted an application for a business bank account in July and it is now September. Initially I was informed by their customer service that the process would take between 3-5 days to complete. After waiting around 10 working days I received an email requesting further information. I provided the required information and waited another 10 working days. I did not hear anything therefore contacted the customer service team again. They informed me the timescale to wait would be another 13 working days. After waiting 13 working days I did not hear anything. I called back and was informed that there has been delays due to high demand and they will put my application as a "priority" case and I should have a response by the following Tuesday at the latest. After waiting until the following Thursday, I have just called to be informed that it will would be finished by the following Monday at the latest. I have never dealt with such an incompetent bank. I have requested for my application to be withdrawn as my experience has been the worst of any bank I have used in my lifetime. Not surprisingly I haven't received the cancellation email that was also promised to me. I plan to set up a new account with another bank who I will not name here as the service Santander have provided me is laughable. Don't bother wasting your time as they are simply useless.            
                Very poor service. Simple things becoming a huge problem for Santander. Never ever.            
                Signed up with Santander last week and already fully regret my choice. Problems at every turn, unreasonable delays and, worst of all, APPALLING customer service. I was just spoken to very rudely for politely complaining about the problems I've had with my account. As a direct response to Nathan in the Fraud Branch in Dublin, I am going in to the branch on Monday to close my account down. Avoid at all costs - I have had far better experiences with Lloyds and HSBC.            
                Santander are cr@p; since I made the mistake of joining this bank they've done nothing but renege on their promises, slashing their interest rates and upping their fees, as often reported in the press. I've also just been notified by a well known cashback website which I used to sign up to Santander that the cashback due has been declined with no reason given, after over a year of them chasing it for me. "Simple. Personal. Fair". Yeah; right. Total bandits; even by banker standards.I intend to close my accounts asap.            
                Santander is hopeless in every way. I can only recommend to not use this bank. The online bank is crap. When you try to call a number listed on the website, you get a recorded voice telling you the number is no longer in use and you need to call another number! Once you get through, customer service is slow and ineffective. As said, find another bank. I'm closing my accounts. - Trying to get in touch with Santander again again. No luck. I've now been on hold for 25 minutes, and am spending the time to write this review. Santander sucks!            
                When my son and I were messed around by Santander and their incompetent CS I told them that we will take the matter to the Financial Ombudsman - which we did. Contacted the FO initially and explained my case – they were ever so helpful and told me that all I needed to do was download the relevant forms from their site and send it off – which I did – very straightforward. When it came to the question about compensation I was asking for £500. Anyway, cut a long story short the FO got Santander’s CS moving.  Received a few apologetic letters from the  manager of the 'fraud department'  [there was no fraud] with a compensation settlement offer of £350 – which we accepted.On another occasion I told them if they choose to let me down again and mess me around I will take the matter to the FO – again that got them on their feet. A day later Santander credited £50 into my account  for the ‘inconvenience’ I experienced along with an apology placed in my online account message box.            
                Santander is the worst bank EVER they always find a way to lock you out of your online banking or to not answer your phone call or to transfer you one hundred times to the point you just don't want to deal with them any longer I'm so done with this bank m very ever again it's always something .            
                I have banked with Santander (formerly with Abbey) for 20 years and had many problems. Three days ago I lost my debit card (my fault, but the first time I've ever done so) and called to report it immediately. When listening to the automated message waiting to get through I noticed that it said "Never share your security passcode or log-in details with anyone, not even us", but the person in the call centre insisted on having my passcode and wouldn't proceed without it, which was quite worrying. I reported the loss and made a point of asking if I would still be able to access online banking while waiting for my new debit card. He assured me I would and in fact recommended that I do in order to check if there were any transactions I didn't recognise. Today I tried to log on using the passcode and other log-in details, only to get a message that my details weren't recognised and after several log-in attempts I was thrown out. (This has never happened before). I rang the call centre, who, after a long call and being placed on hold several times informed me that I was entering the wrong passcode. I assured them I wasn't (I know the number very, very well, and after the first log-in failed I entered it very carefully). I was then advised that the number must have been changed, but that they weren't able to see if this was the case or why. I expressed my concerns that my passcode had apparently been changed without my knowledge, at which the customer service person simply read the same part of his script (verbatim as before) to me each time. I still have no answer as to how it happened and am now locked out of internet banking as well as not being able to use my account. There's no point taking it further because they'll just read their bloody script at me. GRRRRR...........            
                I've now been trying to change my address for 3 months.I've phoned, I've completed forms and I've been into the branch three times...even after they confirmed it had been changed...guess what still not.I have since made a complaint to Santander and I'm dealing with their complaints department...even they don't seem to be able to fix this issue!This is the headline of a long, painful and frustrating experience which would take too long to go into. Suffice to say that their systems don't work, the processes are broken and the people are at best powerless to help.            
                The bankers in the The Waltham, MA branch don't understand customers financial needs. Applied for personal loan. They told it takes 48 hrs. Even after 1 month no response inspite of repeated followups every other day. Finally called to cancel my application. The banker hung up on me rudely. Now sends a notice saying not able to approve my request. The guy never even cancelled my application. Regret opening my bank account.            
                Happy customer so far had no trouble with my brunch in stroud let hope in Birmingham they as good as stroud            
                Poor service, unhelpful front desk, told something different from each of the four people I spoke to. Took over 30 minutes just to close a credit card.            
                Never open an account with Santander. They're money grabbers and do business in a dispicable way. They will take advantage on their lack of communication with you. I was £10 overdrawn in one of my accounts and wasn't made aware of this until they contacted me months later saying I had to pay a £300 fine. Evil company            
                My wife has recently had issues with a mortage originally granted by Abbey National and now managed through Santander.The issue is that the mortgage application was completed by an IFA who falsified the information on the application both in the details of the property being mortaged and also my wifes employment and earnings information.Despite the issue being raised with Santander's executive complaints team they continue to say they carried out due diligence on the application although they also have confirmed in writing twice that they take the information provided by the IFA/Agent as gospel = so Beware as this may cause issue in the future            
                Wife abroad in Japan for business (not for the first time) & had been using her zero credit card without any issues. The next day the card was swipped & payment declined. She called the call centre & was basically told her card pin was locked & nothing they could do until she returned, even though explaining this was her only method of payment while in Japan. I tried to help & speak to the call centre where I was told they couldn't outbound call her to help, what a joke!!! Number of calls later after been hung up on, they basically said her other card might do the same but they couldn't unlock the card. Which I think seems odd & this has to a fault with their system/ process or technology. Santander you should teach their agents & TM in the call centre to empathise with customers, nobody put themselves in either my wife's or my position. Still ongoing & we have contacted them on Twitter.            
                Call centres are useless - access to on line accounts is very poor and cumbersome. Spoke to several managers at call centre who failed to follow through.I closed the accounts they tried to set up and walked.Do not bank with Stander - go to FIrst Direct or HSBC - miles ahead.Too big to fail - really - should close up now..................            
                Somehow since being with Santander, when I withdraw money from the cash point it feels a lot "fresher"... When I was with Halifax it was always crumpled and had kind of damp smell . Also... current account with 4% interest (over £4k), cashback on bills, excellent App and amazing customer service. Happy I switched            
                I've been with Santander for some years and they've always been great to me.  The online banking is extremely user-friendly and they've always been extremely fair to me.  For a example, when I was over-charged (interest and late payment fee) by my credit card company, due to a Santander mistake, Santander did not only refund all the charges but sent me a lovely hamper (biscuits, jams, dressings etc) by way of an apology.  The staff at their branches are helpful too.  It was the branch that explained the 123 account to me and arranged for my account to be upgraded, so a big thanks to them for that, as it's saved me loads of money.  I certainly get more interest there at the moment than in my building society account, even after the Santander monthly account charge.  I've therefore moved the bulk of my savings into my 123 account and am quids in as a result.  The cherry on the icing on the cake, however, was when they recently refunded the cost of my (quite expensive) holiday booked through Low Cost Holidays (in administration).  If it wasn't for Santander, I would have been about £2000 out of pocket but they gave me the money back via the debit card chargeback scheme, as I'd paid on my Santander debit card.  They did this quickly and with no hassle (and they were under no obligation to do so).I can't thank Santander enough for this and the service they've provided to me over the years.            
                I have had a Santander credit card for a number of years, I've consistently paid monthly minimum payments and one off payments in between. I went for a period of months with the balance at zero and had no need to use my card. When I did come to use it I made an additional payment to the balance shortly after and presumed my monthly minimum payment would continue thereafter. What actually happened was they didn't even try to take the minimum monthly payment, they assumed my direct debit was cancelled and gave me a negative credit for missed payment, then had their collections department (aka hound dogs) contact me wlth the most abrupt and condescending tone demanding payment. We are talking about £5 payment and this is after I had made a £100 payment the week previous. Also and this is the main irritation, my bank direct debit remained active and so if they had tried to take the payment there would have been no issue. Two hours on the phone with Santander and I am assured the negative credit rating has been removed. I have had to pay 2 months minimum payments upfront with an additional charge thrown in! I am not best pleased. The customer service was awful and after all this my card was blocked for 5 days and I had to arrange to call back the following week to provide new direct debit instructions. i was made to feel degraded and like a liar. I plan to balance transfer to tesco credit card who have far better customer care.            
                There should be a 0 star review option.!! Absolutely disgusting bank. Stay away from them. Have banked with them for around 4-5 years now. Promised me a debit card after 6 months, still won't change my account with £2000 a month going into my account.!! Slow with my transactions going into my account. They delay my wages going into my account gathering interest for themselves more than likely.. Always blocking my cash card for 'withdrawing more than a certain amount of times in a month' if they was to give me a debit card I wouldn't need to withdraw cash.!! Currently in the process of switching banks, will never use Santander ever again.!!!!            
                The Community Shop in our village, which I wasn't involved with when it set up, but later managed for a while, and am now Treasurer of, set up with an Alliance and Leicester Business Account, and Santander bought up A & L.The problems we had! Account numbers didn't ever match up with what was on our cheque book (at one stage I was making enquiries and paying cheques in by post with three possible sets of account numbers on my blackberry). Santander would not let us pay cheques or cash into their branches!! We tried to change the details of our office-bearers, filled everything out carefully, and Santander said it was not done right, and we should start again. But no details about what was wrong - I think they just lost the forms.Phone calls to Santander, or visits to a branch, were always fraught affairs, usually ending in Santander staff throwing up their hands and being unable to help.The only good thing about them was that we could pay cash into the Post Office which operates a couple of days a week from our Shop.After trying to open a new Community Account with Barclays (the phone people and the people in the local Branch were at war over what the procedures were!!) - we gave up in the end - we have finally, this week, moved to Lloyds who are giving us free internet banking, dual authorisation for transfers to our suppliers (Santander don't offer that), and an incentive to take debit and credit cards.Finally on Santander, my Dad (now 92) had an Abbey National Account. Santander took over Abbey. Someone in the local Santander branch in Edinburgh then told my Dad, about 2- 3 years ago, he was "NOT REALLY OUR CUSTOMER" when he complained, very reasonably, about a mistake they made. He was cut to the quick.Help!! Santander maybe should move out of banking into something they can do properly.            
                I decided to open a santander 123 account, so I could earn some decent interest on a lump sum of cash, plus get money back on deposits.Sounded like a great idea.I applied. It took 10 days in total to get the various letters with passcodes, security numbers etc.Initially, it went well - I signed in and immediately was asked to set my new password and security number. Fine, I took note of them very carefully and stored them in a safe two-factor-authentication password storage service I use - until I could memorise them.My session timed out, so I tried to log back in with my new credentials.First time, didn't work. Ok, lets check carefully ... second time, no luck - incorrect details. At this point, I tried using the original temporary account details. Nope. And now I was locked out, after 3 attempts. Ok, no worries, I'm sure phoning santander will allow me to do authentication quickly via phone, email, mobile text - you know, something modern.Nope. They had to send out two more letters - a new temporary passcode and a security code.These took a total of 5 days to arrive by snail mail - hey, welcome to the digital age santander!So, imagine my surprise when these new details didn't work either. I entered them slowly and carefully *exactly* as described in the received letters.Nope - three attempts. Locked out.I phoned Santander again - so far, it had been 15 days since I setup the account. They said they would need to send out new password and security number via post again.I lost it at this point (politely) and demanded that the money I had deposited was transferred back into the originating account and that I wish to close the santander account.Nope, no can do that. I have to now go into a branch and get it sorted.Avoid this bank - they are seriously NO better than they were, despite any news you may have read to the contrary. Exactly the same inept and downright prehistoric organisation.NEVER again.            
                I opened a new account to take advantage of their 3% interest rate, and everything runs smoothly. They even give cashback when paying certain bills via direct debit, I think that's a great idea.            
                Been having a bit of trouble with regards overspending and missed a couple of direct debit payments and went overdrawn, This obviously incurred a lot of fees so I called Santander with the slim hope they would let me enter a payment plan to pay them off and instead, after explaining my financial situation, Heather a lovely lady on the helpdesk refunded the fees and suggested a different account that would better suit me. All in all has taken a huge weight off my mind, very very please, thank you Heather!!            
                I have been with Santander for years and every few months I wonder why!! Every so often they stop my access to internet banking. The reason being they are updating security. I then have to wait for new log in details etc. The staff are generally polite - it is their systems that seem to let them down. The contact phone number on the business banking website is out of date. It actually changed a year or so ago but has never been updated. The extended process of getting through to talk to a human being would test the patience of the most passive person. The charges as well as time it takes to pay bills in Europe despite being a Spanish bank are excessive (tho this will now get worse no doubt). I could rant on! All in all a very frustrating experience when trying to run a business.            
                I spoke to two customer services staff and they both cooperated excellently. The outcome was me getting a new card and to say sorry they topped my new card up with £75 plus the money I already had on it. Extremely happy I think the people I spoke to need some credit as many reviews are bad (:            
                After numerous ID checks,  I thought I would finally be able to transfer funds from my 'easy access'  ISA  to my current account. Was then asked if somebody else was making me do this!  If they sincerely believed I was being scammed/lacked capacity/was acting under duress shouldn't this have been explained? Shouldn't a confidential discussion have been offered? Security? More a tick-box exercise that managed to be patronising and ageist.  Account moving elsewhere.            
                Its all very well advertising 3% interest on their current account however dare to try to transfer any money out and your account is immediately blocked for days with no access with the excuse that they are doing "additional security checks".  Constantly fobbed off with "your account will be unblocked today", "a representative from the security department will call you back" and even talking to the duty manager (who did apologise) however to date my account is still blocked!!.Never had any problems prior to this however seems a coincidence that this sort of behaviour to retain money comes within days of our "newly appointed" Prime Minister and changes re Brexit ("whatever Brexit is" of course).Extremely worrying and will be looking to change my current account to British Soil.!!!            
                I've had 3 personal loans with Santander over years, all obtained on a much lower salary than I currently earn, with all 3 loans paid off early. Fast forward several years to mid July 2016 when I decided to contact Santander re a personal car loan, on the ground that I've previously had good experiences with them. Imagine my shock when they declined my application despite now having an excellent credit rating, a secure job with a major bank, a good salary and due to low outgoings, in excess of £1000 disposable income per month (inclusive of the loan repayments). The call was going fine, income/outgoings not an issue... all that 'apparently' stood in my way was a credit check. Then bam, I've failed the credit check, and was told I needed to contact Experian. Having already checked my credit rating with 2 of the 3 biggest credit agencies I was mistified as to what the issue is as my rating's in the top bracket, I've no negatives/warnings on my file, I'm on the electoral register and lived at the same address for over 30 years. Yesterday a letter arrived from Santander, informing me that they declined my application because in their eyes I can't afford the loan? Seriously? how the hell do they figure that out. I haven't missed a payment in my life, have no adverse credit and £1000 disposable income after my bills per month... and that's not good enough? Absolute joke.            
                Santander fucki.ng bulls.hit, I put my cheque  £3186 on 26 of May and never got clear on my account, I still ring the bank every single day to take my money back but never happining, also they block my account and never see my money back. Fuc.king idiots            
                I've been trying to open a current account with Santander for three weeks now. After all the initial pain, 10 days ago they said everything was correct and I would have my current account within 2-3 working days, which hasn't happened yet.On top of that, I sent them a query regarding the status of my application, and they're not even bothering to answer. If I'm a new customer, and they're already treating me like that, I wonder how badly their service is with people who are already customers.Not recommended at all. I'm considering if it will be worth keeping the account or just close it instantly.            
                I have been an account holder at this bank for more than 10 years and I have had nothing but terrible experiences.  The only reason I have remained a customer this long is because my husband was an account holder when we met and I was a member at a credit union that I worked for that was out of state. Once I left my position to return to school it was an easy transition to consolidate everything into this account.  As my husband and I have direct deposit and maintain our account without incident, I have had limited interaction with the staff and policies.  Unfortunately, the interaction that I have experienced has been greatly disappointing and has finally led me to close my accounts.  As a former credit union and bank employee (not for Santander), the policies Santander employs are not customer friendly and do not establish or facilitate a feeling of customer appreciation.  They put 2 day holds on bank checks from other banks (which are supposed to be considered as good as cash), to say their customer service within the branches is slow is an understatement at best, and most recently they cashed a check from our account that was written 4 years ago citing that on "page 12" of their policy they are allowed to do that if it is deposited through an ATM even though checks dated past one year (or in some cases 6 months) are considered "stale" and should no longer be honored.  Additionally, they could not even state whether or not the check was deposited through the ATM or with a teller, just that "if" it was their policy states that it is acceptable.  Since it seems they are not able to confirm whether the money they accept at their ATMs is valid before they accept it and they will not reverse these transactions if they are not valid I'm considering depositing some Monopoly money into my account  account to see if that transaction could be reversed!            
                Had a problem with my debit card in 2013 and they sent another one out unfortunately they didn't update there system , so 2016 my card is up for renewal 09/16 and because they have got the wrong card on there system they have blocked my card and have to wait several days for a new card , my nearest branch is a 16 mile round trip for any cash and this is the only bank card I have , I have complained but they are not admitting there error and I am now in the process of taking them to the financial-ombudsman. I do most of my shopping on line as I have arthritis in both knees and detest supermarket shopping anyway.It's a joke , they say let us make things right and they do nothing at all and they are taking there customers for granted and the customer service is not good.            
                I have a small start up company and Santander sounded like a great bank for what I needed.  After spending almost a MONTH trying to get the account open, I had it less than 2 weeks and I just closed it yesterday.  The reason?  They allowed another company (an ex employer I left over TEN months ago) control my account and block it. This company is in NO way related to my own. No warning, no advice, and no one taking any responsibility for it.  Worse yet, they have no business banking in branch, so the only way to access my funds was through an atm (Not good for business!)            
                Worst bank I have ever been with.alright for a child with minimal funds in the account that never uses the facility.Do not try to run a business and bank with Santander.Being locked out of your account so you cannot acess your funds is quite normal with most banks due to high secuirty these days but they way Santander get you back up and running is so out dated and slow.I have now had no internet banking for 10 days and have lost sales because of this.I have treid to check my customer inbound payments and they have just locked me out of my telephone banking becuase I did not now when a direct debit came out (the exact day) I cannot acess my internet banking then how would I know???The security questions should be different pending the situation surely.I cannot begin to write in words how frustrated I am.This bank is a joke!!            
                Went to get money out but refused.  As far from a cashpoint went to car to ring, but as didn't know a direct debit amount and date plus last cash withdrawal from a shared card no joy told to ring back.  Got home got details and rung back and told need to show passport and card at 'local' branch 35 mins away, after asking to complain to which they agreed but said they will not beagle to help you not going to a branch.  It turns out that you can e-mail and then you (not them) ring to sort out why stopped.  They firstly put phone down after on hold for 10 mins and after trying again was informed have been trying to contact me with letter (not received) as a final resort.  After discussed further turns out have no numbers and wouldn't take address and number from my husband on our shared account.  When asked horrid wouldn't get into.  Hadn't read my issues and snidly commented that I had failed security. When giving number when asked was told he was not ready!  Don't bother will be off to another bank.            
                Received a invitation letter of $ 150 bonus for opening a Simply Right Checking. After more than 10 minutes online application, saying "your application was declined, because we could not verifying your address and identity". What the hell...Then why sending me invitation letters?? So frustrating!            
                Did a money transfer to Spain they lost it 8k the mistake was all theirs I did nothing wrong yet they still say they won't refund my money do not trust this bank sooner or later they will make a mistake getting them to admit it and rectify it is impossible            
                We have been waiting 7 weeks for correct log in information for our business account.  They are in effect holding us to ransom.            
                This company is BAD, stay away.11 months after my initial application for a client account and I still  do not have it. I have had to give up on it.3 application forms completed, 2 complaints, countless transfers to business managers and other departments.Their client account department is one office which cannot be contacted by telephone and who do not respond to emails - I'm so frustrated with them that I will be moving all my accounts with them across to Natwest            
                I have been a customer for a number of years and have always been consistent but unfortunately recently I lost my job due to a mental health issue thus causing me financial difficulties and some of my direct debits have not been paid. Santanders policy is to charge you 10 pounds for every non payment and as a result this puts me over my agreed overdraft limit which they then charge me for. So as a result 50 percent of my small dole money allocation is taken automatically which in turn increases the whole scenario and recently has left me without food or money to attend job interviews etc.  I contacted them and went through there financial interrogation where they did repay a small pittance. They also agreed to cancel my direct debits so there would be no further charges.  Guess what, they didn't and taken another lump out of my dole money.  can't phone them as I can't afford to pay for a phone. Mental health nose dives everytime this happens and my general well being is futile and hopeless.  Thanks for your support and I genuinely hope none of you or your employees ever fond themselves in this position.  On a lighter note.  last year I tried to change euros for pounds and santander don't do euros. Thought they were Spanish??            
                Opening account was fine but trying to purchase anything (when starting a new business you tend to have a lot of up-front costs) meant having to go through countless declined payments and security checks until things finally settled (which I understand is proceedure but having now opened an account with HSBC we had far fewer problems with this than we did with Santander). Online banking was never a smooth process, again with too many security issues or bugs in the system that didn't allow us to receive two step verification through our office building's WiFi network. Now, after closing the acccount nine months later, we have been trying to obtain some missing account transaction details which has required three phone calls and now two letters in the post and a 10 pound 'service fee' and a month and a half later we still don't have the info we've requested. We've never been treated rudely, just exceptionally beurocratic, slow and often wrong or poor information given about our issues.            
                They seem very good at promoting all the "advantages" of the 1 2 3 account such as the Regular Saver offering 5% - and taking £5 month off you for the privilege.However when you try to open the account it does not offer an online option.After phoning and waiting in the usual queue for some time and getting an "adviser" I was just amazed to go through the process they did - and told them after 20 minutes of nonsense it was quite clear this was just a headline rate and that they put every barrier in your way to enable an account to be opened and just forget it.As I recommend you should and don't waste your time.            
                This review is for the Santander in Dos Herman as in Spain. We opened an account by giving them a cheque for 1000 euro. Three week later they have still not credited the cheque AND have just charged us 86 euro for not having any money in the account. When we pointed this put they lied and said they had told us on day one that we had to pay in some real money as a cheque was not real money. They will not listen to reason and the cheque is now lost in their system. Shameless liars. No customer commitment. Unbelievably bad online site that you can do nothing with..avoid them            
                U will have to anwer 1000 questions and remember another 1000 security codes... no seriously its so anoying to log in            
                My reasons; I had banked with Alliance and Leicester for many years until Santander bought them out. I often used telephone banking with A&L with no problems. They would ask some security questions and then I was able to transfer money to another account. With Santander I failed security because I had forgotten that the Abbey National were also bought out by them and because S had failed to close this account  when I requested as I did not use it. I had to go into the bank to close the account as they could also not do this over the phone.I decided to switch to another bank but S failed to answer requests for details of my direct debits and also charged me a fee because I did not have £500 going into my account each month as I directed my pay to go into my new bank account.            
                Ditto all the comments below, plus a good slagging off for investment ISA advice.My account will switch and close on Monday, and I will get £150 for doing so... I would have done it for nothing.            
                In January 2015 I decided to stop using Santander, I made sure I cancelled direct debits and my account was left at £0.00! I left the account open for reasons I cannot remember and forgot about it as I started using lloyds. Unaware, my account went overdrawn by £8, now, a year and 5 months later they call me demanding I pay £1027 in charges, it has been past on to debt collectors and I now have no choice but to pay it to them.            
                Transferred to them June 1st. 7 days into using their online service it rejected my log in. They insist I must have entered the wrong log in security number. I did not. And if I had, how come it worked until a certain day? Now I have to wait days (up to 5 working days) for a letter and a temporary security number so I can access my money. I should never have left First Direct who NEVER let me down.            
                Opened 123 account few months ago.  Because I am a non mobile user, been restricted by having to phone customer services, every time I want to open a Direct Debit, or allow a payment. Now the useless staff (customer services) has again changed my security details, CAN NOT LOG INTO MY ACCOUNT, for 6 days until I receive unrequested security details receipt.This kind of ONLINE account is USELESS, the interest is good, but the restrictions on online usage is diabolical.As soon as I can get into my account again, going to close and take my money away.            
                I have no idea why I'm actually with santander but after yet another poor experience today i will now be looking for another bank.   I had £29.99 taken from my account for a website that I had never heard of and when i spoke to the fraud team I had to ask to speak to a supervisor and then an acc manager before i got someone who finally stopped speaking over me.  It took a 19 minute phone call to speak to someone who could help me with the first advisor telling me after 30 seconds that there was nothing they could do.  There final response was to report the fraud but cancel my card and reissue it which would leave me cashless as my nearest branch is over 8 miles away.  Until I can get to a cash machine and get money out my own BANK refuse to proceed with reporting the fraudulent activity.  Shocking staff, poor customer service and they clearly have no interest in serving their customers            
                tried to buy something online for £16.97 put card details and the site used verify by visa so had to put a password in as well, got declined twice.Phoned the bank and here had to put in id and a passcode for a robot, then spoke to an adviser who again asked for these ids, then he put me through to a security person who asked for my dob and guess what, my last 4 digits of card number the ccv code which are on my card and I put them in when trying to do the transactions.you know if you go out of your house you could get run over and killed so lock yourself in and stop living, this seems to be the Santander approach to security. I mean £16.97Apparantly I should now be able to make the payment, Wish me luck I'm going in!            
                yet again account blocked online and payment stopped for NO good reason this bank has a lousy security system and the security team are poorly trained and seem to like wasting peoples time            
                The website is absolute rubbish cannot log into my own account happens everytime end up ringing the. To get new password and log in details the worst bank ever I will take my money elsewhere the service is absolute rubbish who the hell do they think they are the people make them not other way around            
                Simple Personal Fair..... um in your dreams!Based on the average 1.5 rating on here blasts the marketing hype to pieces.I have a joint account with my wife (i would avoid Santander on my own). I paid money into my wifes savings account and said she might  want to move it to her current account. Having waited 20 minutes in Milton Keynes branch i was told no problem it easy ...so said the "customer service advisor".NOW ... reality.Ring up....wait for ages ...told NO you cannot move YOUR money. Go to a branch!Go to the Branch.....NO you cannot have YOUR money...the accounts are not linked. You need passports marriage licence and 50 tons of anti red tape tablets to deal with these people.Santander.......Driving YOU mad is OUR business!            
                My son has been a Santander customer for about four years. When he turned 18, he was told he would need to take identification into the bank. We did so, and after waiting for fifteen minutes, we were told by a member of staff that we would actually need an appointment as she couldn't deal with it. When we asked why we hadn't previously been told this, she became extremely condescending, and appeared to take great delight in telling us there were no appointments and that we would have a very long wait for one. We are still waiting!  We have now got fed up and are going elsewhere. Poor show Santander!            
                A simple mortgage query took over an hour and a half, most of which spent holding for different departments speaking to at least six different individuals. The "retention team" are rude and made it clear they were not concerned about retaining my business at all. I'm now in the process of switching my other Santander products to different service providers and will never use them again.            
                Very bad service.Worst I have ever experienced 👎🏼            
                Terrible online services. I changed my address and I've been waiting for a new card to arrive but it's been very long so I decided to call bank. They told me that address has not been changed and now they have to block my current card and my new one because it probably went to the old address. It's been second time that happened. Terrible Online system            
                I attempted to open a 123 account for my mother, for whom I hold power of attorney. Was told to apply online and then show the relevant documents at a meeting in branch. I duly did this. There then followed various requests via e-mail for additional ID concerning my mother, which I duly supplied. The e-mails then dried up. Upon calling the branch and eventually getting an answer, I was told the matter would be looked into. No call back. Then called central customer services (though the phone number in the latest e-mail to me ceased to exist a year ago and the e-mail has not been amended!). Having dialled the correct number, I was told no-one could provide me with any information as the account application was in my mother's name, and since the account had not yet been opened, the power of attorney had not been registered against the account and I had no authority to discuss it! Although I was specifically informed initially by customer services that I should open the account online and then present the documents in branch, I was now told that this had been the incorrect procedure and basically it was my fault that I was in this situation. When I challenged the customer service advisor over the inconsistency of advice given, this was shrugged off. My mother is 91, in care and does not have mental capacity, incidentally, which is why I hold a registered power of attorney, and why such powers exist. Santander appears not to know this. I then asked to be passed to complaints, and was cut off. I called the complaints line direct, talked - and mainly waited - for about 35 minutes and was then told I had just been with call handling. I was then put through to complaints and after more discussion and time holding both on and off the phone, much waiting and listening to incessant music (the whole process lasting the best part of two hours), was told that all the ID/address verification documents I had presented in branch (of which certified copies were made in front of my eyes) had been lost, and that the account application had not proceeded because of this. Was asked to send everything again. Since a month has passed since my initial application and I had already spent two hours on the phone, I said I would prefer to give up. I have numerous other accounts and even a property on behalf of my mother, and have on no occasion encountered such incompetence and idiocy. Opening a POA account is more complex than an ordinary account, but straightforward. The complaints lady was sympathetic, but she could not undo the failing of Santander having lost every single document I had given them and entirely failing to communicate with me, or indeed between their own branch and the central account opening/POA dept. The question must also arise: has the paperwork been stolen for fraudulent purposes? (The person who took my photocopies apparently left the bank shortly after our meeting.)I should add that at the end of the conversation, I was promised £100 in compensation for all I had been through. Let's see if it arrives! All in all, though, since I am self-employed and pretty much lost a day's work in this whole fiasco, it is not enough. I would just say one thing: AVOID THIS BANK. It is beyond belief that they can operate at all with such chaotic administration.            
                It has taken me 18 months, a letter to ombadsman, and reduced credit reference to close my account . Santander kept adding more and more charges without telling me, so when I did not pay it. It now shows as missed payments.  They have since refunded the fees but im left with a lower credit svore. The hours that i have spent on thephone to them is definitely not worth the 3% cashback.            
                Totally unwilling to help            
                I really should have listened to the other reviews - please please please don't bank with them !!!! Just avoid them. I've made 3 formal complaints against them since being with them last October alone and the recent fiasco was the straw that broke the camels back I'm utterly beyond livid with them which nearly saw my holiday booking lost. I cannot explain how angry I am with them. They also just lie their way through complaints despite proving them wrong. How this bank still operates is beyond me. It took me over 2 hours to deal with their none sense fraud department over booking my holiday which nearly lost my holiday altogether. Now I have to spend even longer dealing with this spineless organisation putting right the mess they created. I'm moving banks - they are a joke. I cannot live with the stress of not knowing if il ever have access to my money.            
                Tried to get money out of my account  in the Manchester branch today. Had my pass book, so had to use the counter service.6 possible tills, 2 open, spare staff milling about, reception desk not manned...and a queue to the door of increasingly irrate customers. Staff did nothing at all to resolve the situation.I gave up and walked out!!!!            
                I HATE SANTANDER! THIS BANK IS A LITERAL NIGHTMARE!!! Santander UK is the worst bank account I've ever had in my life and I'm really international, so have had banks opened all across the world.Seriously, this bank sucks so much, don't ever, ever, ever get this account. I moved to the US from the UK and they said they'd send my bank info via post to my US address. The post NEVER CAME! This means I haven't been able to access my savings at all while living in the US and I had to take a flight for just 1 night to the UK just to CLOSE DOWN THIS GOD AWFUL ACCOUNT. Seriously, santander makes me puke and think that the world is a miserable place. Never get Santander UK, get a bank account that actually makes sense and doesn't post everything in the 21st century. Seriously, it's the only bank that sends me info via post. Respect the trees and forests please. My bank in Norway sends security info/updates online, as do my other accounts in Sweden, China, US, and Canada. NOT EVERYONE LIVES IN THE UK FOREVER AND ONLY HAS ONE ADDRESS. PEOPLE LIVE VERY INTERNATIONAL LIVES THESE DAYS, ESPECIALLY THOSE OF US WORKING AT MULTIPLE GLOBAL FIRMS. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? LITERALLY HAD TO FLY ALL THE WAY TO UK JUST TO CLOSE DOWN THIS HORRIBLE ACCOUNT. Don't get this bank. Trust me and other users. You will regret it for the rest of your life. You will think as you die "if I could do one thing over, I wouldn't open a Santander account". DOn't do it.            
                Great service from Craig helping my set up my Help to Buy ISA - went through everything clearly and called me back when the call dropped accidentally. Thank you!            
                I wouldn't even give Santander one star. Applied for a Mortgage with Santander, it has taken nearly 10 weeks for a decision. Numerous delays by the underwriter asking for more and more paperwork, only for them to accept us but not gives us the full amount we need. We are supposed to complete in 3 weeks. Incomptent, poor communication and poor customer service. Avoid Santander mortgages!!!            
                Their staff do not care and the whole ethos is a farce, I will never bank with them again and will put off a whole generation from doing so. I look forward to watching your demise with the whole Spanish economy, best wishes from the UK.            
                Left Santander closing 3 accounts I had with them, 2 years ago I was paying £1000 CASH into my I.s.a and opted to use a machine not the counter, the machine shut down with my £1000 inside, staff told me I was wrong I fought for a week to get my money back, then they said it WAS IN THERE, painful memory whenever I pay money in so I left and now use a much better building society, BE WARNED NEVER USE SANTANDER MACHINES TO PAY IN CASH THEY TURN THE MACHINE OFF AS YOU USE IT AND TRY TO SAY YOUR MONEY IS NOT IN THERE            
                Terrbible bank to deal with I cannot even write about how disgusted i am with their policies, the staff were polite but their banking service is a disgrace will never use them  again and will move my accounts from them imeediately            
                So my mate wanted to transfer money owed to me to my bank account on line via my mobile phone number. My money never arrived to my bank account, instead Santander advised it went to a Barclays account. I have Never had a Barclays account, my whole life with Natwest. I have only had my current phone number 4 months which is registered to my Natwest account. Bearing in mind I'm the 3rd party with neither a Santander account or a Barclays account, Santanders expert advice is they can do nothing, they honored a payment request. Clearly the fact they sent it to a wrong bank account doesn't matter (possible fraudulent activity wasn't even mentioned either?) & I'm required to chase Barclays?.. I call Barclays but nobody can assist me because A. I'm not a customer & B. I'm not the account holder the payment went to. So thanks Santander for screwing me out of my money & im not even your Customer. Disgusting Customer Service levels, zero accountability & more than happy to mug off yet another Uk citizen, just all round zero quality & I urge everyone to stay as far away from Santander as you can & if you already bank with Santander, poor you & cancel on line banking as they will ping you money anywhere they fancy, then wash their hands of it.. if you could give zero stars on this for the worst banking experience of your life, Santander would achieve this easily. 1.5 is frankly generous 😂            
                These people just lie lie lie. Never get the same answer twice. Even telling you to illegal practices. Do do not get a loan from them!!!!            
                How on earth did this bank win best UK bank. I had a temporary reducing overdraft in place because I was running into financial issues. I was making £100 per month payments to reduce this temporary overdraft. One month I was unable to make the payment so I gave them a call explaining this asking if I could pay a few days later, they took me through an expenditure form which proved I couldn't afford to pay this so they removed the payment plan leaving me heavily overdrawn. I in fact already have an authorized overdraft on my account. I was then left with a heavily overdrawn account although as I have regular payments going into this account I left them to go in to pay the temporary overdraft. The temporary overdraft was paid off much quicker than originally planned. The bank told me I would have to contact them within 30 days to let them know of my plans although I never contacted them as I had paid off the debt I owed. I then transferred some money from my business account into my personal account which I used fine. The next morning when trying to arrange a Uber to take my daughter to school my card declined when I checked my online banking the account was overdrawn again so I called customer service to discuss this they said they had removed my authorized overdraft as I hadn't called them although the temporary overdraft was paid off 3 days before the 30 day cut off. Now it is 10.17 am and my daughter is very late for school and they are making all types of excuses into why this has happened and will not help me and I have no cash I'm livid.This bank is a disgrace how they won the best UK bank is beyond me            
                Currently moving Mortgage to another lender due to the rate being nearly half a percent lower with £0.00 product fee. Thought I would do  Santander the courtesy of calling them due us being a customer of 20+ years, to see if there were any kind of loyalty deals not advertised on the website......or if they could offer anything closer to the rate I was being offered by relative strangers! The telephone Operator showed no interest in keeping our business and wished me luck on my way out of the Santander Door, wonder how many people I will be sharing this quality service with in the coming days????The sad thing is we would have probably remained with Santander if they had made some sort of an effort to keep a loyal customer but, as with most of my experiences with them over the past 5 years it has just left us feeling disappointed with their commitment to keeping existing customers.Still surprises me how they sucker people in through the door with the promise of a decent service.M Collins            
                The only reason I'm with Santander is because of their 123-Account that pays 3% interest otherwise I would not bank with them. They have so many online banking glitches and nobody seems to be able to sort this out. Last year my son was unable to make a online transaction on Santander's  site - he was prompted with some strange notifications and mysterious numbers and letters. Called CS was told that his account was blocked because of some 'unusual transactions'  (???!!) and adviced to go to the branch with ID etc. Son went to the branch, they then telephoned this department, another department and another department  ..... this went on for about 40 minutes. Staff just couldn't find out why son wasn't able to access his account and told him to contact the online people again. He left the branch and contacted Santander's online 'help desk' again with no information why his account was blocked and no assistance as to how to access it  - instead they suggested visiting the branch again.I accompanied him the second time round and was already fuming about their incompetence to deal with the matter. Staff at branch was absolutely useless and I ended having a heated verbal exchange with them. Left the branch and again no help or advice as to how to re-activate son's account. On our way out we've told them that the matter will be passed on to the Financial Ombudsman - which we did.  My son who's a student at Uni  was unable to access his funds for about a week or so - he was livid. Financial Ombudsman procedure was straight forward and the people there been very helpful. A compensation amount of  £500 was requested by us. A few days later Santander sent a letter apologising for the 'unfortunate experience' with their company and immediately opened up son's account. They then asked if son was prepared to settle for a compensation of £350 - which he eventually did. We sent a long letter back telling them how incompetent their system and staff is and adviced to improve their IT system. Don't know if it will fall on deaf ears or not but at least we've let them know what we think of them. Right now I'm just experiencing another online glitch and told their complaints dept. via online messaging that if the matter is not resolved within a certain timeframe that the matter will be passed on to the Financial Ombudsman.  So. let's wait and see with what they come up with.            
                I had personal and business accounts with Santander and I was in need of a small amount of overdraft because of unpaid invoices but they have rejected my application despite I have explained them what has happened.I never been withdrawn or took any loan out before it was first time ever.I sincerely believe Santander got it wrong but the fact is how they got best business account provider award that is what I do not understand at all.Thank you for reading my review.H.Tokmak            
                I work in IT Security and I can tell you that their website is one of the worst when it comes to security. My devices are warning that this website is not secure at all: This site can’t provide a secure connection retail.santander.co.uk uses an unsupported protocol. ERR_SSL_VERSION_OR_CIPHER_MISMATCHThis means that their website is accessible to MitM attacks! What kind of a bank allows this?? These people are a joke            
                lost 50 pound. cause santander stopped my money for no reason when i wanted to open a peer to peer account  if there not carefull people will bank else were            
                I don't bank with Santander so when I received a letter from them about my new PIN number it was a surprise. I rang them - already difficult if you don't have an account. Long story short this can only be explained to me if I go into a branch and prove who I am. Rang complaints. Less sarcastic but same old story. Rules about security questions are pointless to the point of being funny. If you bank with them be prepared for bureaucratic nonsense.            
                I went to dewsbury branch of Santander to transfer my co-op acct to 123 from 1st April. I was assured I did not to do a thing as the 'transfer team' would sort everything out - payments in/out direct debits etc. I did not need to take any action as all transfers from my old bank would be automatically passed across. Super! The service from Tas at the branch was great. Shame about the follow up service.To be fair, most Direct Debits have gone through ok. One was paid 10 days late, and the largest one to n-power - payable on 12th of the month - has yet to be paid.Most importantly, My monthly pension payment - due on the 15th of the month - has not reached my account - we are now on20th April. The payment was made to coop on 15th, but no transfer despite Santander assurance it would automatically 'bounce on'!So, I rang Santander customer services.The reaction was - 'it is not our problem. Contact your old bank and ask them why it has not been enacted and transferred.' Er.....is that not the job of the transfer team. Obviously not.Coop said transfer is automatic, talk to Santander. Santander said sort it yourself with the coop.I am in limbo. Where has my pension payment gone? Nobody cares!The final suggestion from customer services guy was........'l can put you through to our complaints section.'!!!!  How positive is that!            
                business account - 3 weeks to check my ID even though I already have 3 accounts with them what's going on with this company that they can't manage to process applications especially for existing customers in a timely manner.            
                WHY WHY WHY is it SO hard to open a Regular Saver Account?Tried in Branch, 2 week waiting list for an appointment - told to telephone instead ..... bad mistake ... 25 minutes wait and no-one answered ... gave up!WHY WHY WHY can I not open this account online as all other Banks allow you to do .... I'm a customer they know me - why the need for an appointment??PATHETIC!!!!!!!!!!!            
                I have been with Santander for personal banking since they took over Alliance & Leicester some years ago.  When Santander took over, they allowed me to retain the same online banking PIN, and I was able to log in to online banking quickly and easily.  When I opened an ISA with Santander, they immediately linked it online to my everyday current account so that one login enables me to access both accounts.  Rarely does Santander online banking go down, but if it does, it's on a Sunday, which is a good day for them to choose for technical IT maintenance.  I recently installed Santander's mobile banking app on my mobile phone and this app is excellent too.  Richard of Norwich, mid-April 2017.            
                Lost money paid in. Apparently takes 7 to 10 days for a lost money investigation, whatever that is I've no idea, Presumably means it happens so regularly they need a procedure for it. Amateur in the extreme.            
                Why do they make it so difficult to open an account linked to my existing 123 account? I could open my current account on-line, no hassle. Now I want a regular saver (to give me 5% interest on upto £200 per month) they make it near impossible to do. Tried my local branch & I would need to make an appointment !! I am already a customer, they know all about me, all I want is another account linked to my current account, how stupid.Then I tried by phone but when I finally got through (after over a 20 minute wait) it was to be told that they were very busy and would need to ring me back, why ? I have now lost the will to live & may well give up trying to open this account.            
                I have been trying to open a 123 Current Account for well over 2 months.Firstly, after I had submitted the online application, they emailed asking me to send ID. Fair enough. I posted the ID, but they emailed weeks later saying my application had expired. Bewildered, I submitted a new application online, and they asked for the same ID again - although they already had it. I duly sent everything in again. I didn't hear for 3 weeks, so I phoned, and the girl said that my ID was still being reviewed.A week later I received an email saying that the copy of my tenancy agreement I'd sent was 'unreadable'. It was definitely pristine, but I scanned it and sent it again anyway.The result is that I have today received an email saying that 'the timeframe for sending back the required documentation has elapsed' and that I need to start another application! I am totally despondent. I give up.The admin staff are so incompetent that it's detrimental to your health dealing with them at all. Steer well clear.            
                Would give 0 if possible just terrible customer service            
                After being a Santander customer since they were Abby National I asked for an overdraft limit as I now had obligations which I'd need an overdraft to safeguard. One women claimed to put one on but after trying to use it and the payment bouncing back I went to the branch again and was told they could give me an overdraft or other products that could regardless of the fact that my account was "healthy" and "always had been". I incurred overdraft fees of £10 per transaction which I had to rectify reardless of the fact it wasn't my fault. This was bad enough but earlier the year before my purse had been stolen and I was left without a card and ID. When I went to collect my new card I was told that I couldn't without I'D.  I made them aware of my situation and gave them my crime reference number and they still wouldn't.  All they said was that I would take £20 out of my account that day as a good will jester until I got I'D.  I had a child to feed and travel, how on earth was I meant to get ID on £20. Thankfully I had online banking, so I could send money to friends to withdraw, but it was very stressful.  A month later I came in and demanded they give me my card with various letters and my crime reference number -it took 3 visits that day to get my card back. Absolutely disgraceful! After that experience I would never go with Santander again. I'm in the process of moving to Natwest which I have been reassured will never give me this stress!            
                I have two sons who are students. Both, despite being well in credit, they keep having their accounts 'frozen' by Santander, for no reason, placing them in real danger. In the latest event, young son, studying in Tokyo for two years has had his account frozen and is stranded without money as he is clearing bills to return home. This is the fourth incident of this type. The bank will not talk to me, and can you imagine what it would cost to contact this part-time mickey-mouse bank on a mobile phone from Japan? There are no email addresses, and even the CEO has failed to respond to our urgent appeals.My advice....find a real bank, if there is one!!!            
                I have 123 personal account and allay from a few minor issues they have been fine however having applied 7 weeks ago for a businness account professing to take 5 days to open i am utterly despondent about the lack of action their end. There was an issue regarding shares however that was 4 weeks ago and calling daily for the last two weeks has had absolutely no impact. Shoddy, incompetent, lack lustre and ultimately unprofessional service And that's BEFORE we engage on the busyness transactions. Shameful.            
                helped me sort out a problem (person who helped me was of great help and kind) however after that the bank kept on wrongfully charging me for a monthly fee that should not have existed, got it sorted and was told it wouldn't happen again, few months later more money is wrongfully charged to my account.moved home, ran into another slight problem only for a lady at a local branch to talk to me as if I'm stupid which I found very rude, that's certainly what it seemed like anyway!Overall bad service, unfriendly staff and communication from the bank, I will be closing my account and going elsewhere, shocking            
                Last week I popped into the Surreys Quays Shopping Centre branch of Santander which I was visiting for the first time.  There I was told by the young woman on the reception desk that the only ISA they offer is the one aimed at those wishing to save as first time buyers.  Really?  Curious to see how else she could 'help' me, I mentioned it was a shame it was an unsuitable product for me as my husband and I have just sold an investment property and wish to open two ISA accounts each, one for each financial year (2015/16 and 2016/17) totalling four ISAs.  She did not know it is our intention to deposit the maximum amount possible in each account.  She looked at me beady-eyed, head cocked to one side and asked me 'What do you mean?' so, ignoring her slightly rude tone and body language, I explained again what I wished to do.  She advised me that - ahem - 'it's not possible to have more than one ISA account'.  I clarified what she was saying and declined a call from an adviser explaining that if that was the case, as I already have several ISA accounts, obviously against her interpretation of the ISA rules, I would definitely not be able to open any further ISA accounts - sorry, account  - with Santander, besides which I am not a FTB so would not qualify for Santander's 'only' ISA on offer.  I think at that point she got a bit desperate to take my details down, perhaps doubting her own 'advice'.  The next day I walked into another bank nearer my home - not Santander - and got the information and time I needed with a qualified adviser.  A little knowledge is a bad thing.            
                I love the fact BACS payments go in about 10.30pm instead of after midnight, it's one of the little things that makes me like it better than my main bank. However, their app's need to be improved as does their online service. Both serve their purpose and function, but the layout and user experience isn't good and this is where other banks beat them hands down. However, they seem to employ helpful people based in the UK, which is always a bonus these days when dealing with telephone banking!            
                Their website says: "It's easy to get in touch. Either call one of our UK-based call centres .....:"I've been trying for over an hour because "I'm afraid we're still busy. Please carry on holding and I'll put you through to someone as soon as I can". Their menu-based system when you do use them takes you round and around, never giving you an option to speak to someone, never giving you the option you need. There appears to be no email address as an alternative. I still haven't been able to talk to anyone. This is a disgrace.            
                I have no mobile reception where i live and as im a student living abroad i have no access to a phone to call santander. Although if I did im sure i would be subjected to heavy rates and i would have to wait a long time. So how am i meant to get help?They don't give an email, because otherwise they wouldn't make money putting people on hold...I need to get details of my account to pay for a purchase now. But to look at details I have to get an online bank account. Unfortunately it requires that you get a text message of new password, I can't do that... So I have to wait 4-6 days to get my password...Why can't you send it to me by email, now I'm going to have to pay charges for delayed payment.Thanks a lot santander, after this i will not hesitate to change banks...Thanks...            
                On 25th November 2015 I noticed a debit transaction on my wife's credit card, which is part of our joint banking with Santander, for £329.99 the payee was Argus on-line retail. My wife confirmed that she had not made the transaction. I called the bank. Their initial response was "you must call the retailer" which I refused and insisted that this was fraud and their responsibility. The fraud department took details and to be fair replaced my wife's card within a few days adding that the matter would be investigated. Since I have made numerous follow up calls, these initially were treated with surprise and that no record of my problem could be located and lately that the matter was 'under investigation'. My (excellent) 123 account manager has tried to intervene on our behalf but has had no more success than I. Official complains have been raised (and even acknowledged!) but no resolution has been forthcoming. Today, 24th March 2016, I tried one final time only to be told, guess what, that the matter was 'under investigation'.So, 4 months on and I am down £329.99. Truth is it will not change my life, however, the worry is that had it been £3,299.90 then there would still have been nothing I could do to change the outcome. Conclusion: these people do not care and are not fit to look after MY money.I'm heading back to NatWest!            
                300.00 overdraft agreed to pay over 3 months at 100.00 per month last payment 96.00 paid 70.00 and then 30.00 mini statement showed  i was now 4.00 in credit .because i paid late because of their fault .charge after charge has now been added and now i owe 376.00.some clown then phoned me and told me that i had only paid off 4.00 of the original overdraft.finally they wrang me today and said i could repay them at 26.00 per months over 15 months.speechless /////            
                Ive read all these awful reviews on this bank. I however have had a good experience so far. Ive been banking with Santander for quite a few years now. Having not logged onto my online account in forever and misplaced my details i send for new ones. Unlike how they said they arrived in 3/4 days. Unfortunately when i set up my account i set up computer security asking questions when the computer is not recognized so even with the new security info i could still not get on. So i rang up the call center, got through straight away-no waiting time like i have had with other banks. i talked to a lovely man called Paul in Belfast, who knew exactly what he was doing and he got me sorted very quickly, reset my info and i was good to go. Logged in absolutely fine and now use my online banking easily and securely. Very happy with the service.            
                Avoid at all costs!!!!I am flying to Los Angeles tomorrow and tried to load £1,300 onto a prepaid credit card. Unfortunately my address did not match so the prepaid company have rejected the funds and put it in writing. All the information is sent to Santander who just completely refuse to help although I pay them hundreds of pounds a year for them to have the pleasure of looking after my money.Your staff are rude, I won’t personally name them but your manager etc in Centre 194 should be fired or sent to politeness school Santander, thank you, you have ruined my holiday, I am now heading abroad with no money until you can get your butt into gear and release the money back into my account. Fear not I will be leaving you on my return!            
                I bought a car on finance from santander. Since august 2015 the car has broken down 6 times due to fuel filter, turbo and now the fuel pump im within my sale of goods act on the first 2 but only 2 days out on the fuel pump. When the first brake down happened i was without the car for 3 weeks then we broke down 2 weeks after that and i was without the car for 12 weeks i didnt complain or become aggresive on the phone but when i did phone them they were in meetings or hiding somewhere it took me to write a letter stating all the brake downs and how long iv been without the car for them to ring me back to tell me that the dealer who sold the car to me hasn't responed to their calls now as a very big company wouldn't you send out a field rep to investigate, nop not these i went out to find out what was happening unfortunatley the car was covered top to bottom in mould and 3 inches of water no one claimed responsibility of the damage untill i took photos and sent them through an email to santander. Eventually i got the car back on 28th january only to brake down on the 22nd feb16 due to the fuel pump, i had a phone call from santander today stating that it is wear and tear and i have to pay for the repairs. I dont think i have been treated with any respect i pay £130.83 a month walk around the city i live in. In total i have been without a car for 18 weeks out of the 6 months iv had it now i dont think i have used it to be wear and tear from me i think the dealer who sold it never did the right checks on the car but im left paying for it as a company shouldnt you help me. All i want is for the car to be repaired and to have it back and not brake down again is that to much to ask for.            
                Being disabled and having lost the part of the PIP assessment that would allow me to keep my Motability car, I applied to Santander for funding to buy my car but was refused with no helpful reason for the refusal. My bank manager tried - refused, no reason, I tried again - no reason. The refusal to all requests was that my application "does not meet our current business criteria"My credit score with Experian was good at 916. I say "was" because this bank reduced my score by 25 points. It was then suggested that as I had applied for credit three times in six months that it was probable that I was using credit to fund my life-style. If they had bothered to check they would have seen that my account is in credit. When I asked for a letter of deadlock for the Ombudsman, nothing was issued.I then went elsewhere and was successful in obtaining credit for another car as I had lost the first one. I then received notification that I would soon be issued with a cheque for £2,000 but by the time it had arrived and presented to my account and by the time Santander have it on hold while they make interest, it will be at least twelve to fourteen days before I could use the funds from the cheque.I asked my bank if they would allow me a total overdraft advance on the cheque so I could pay the deposit on the new car, get insurance and be able to get on with my life instead of trying to get around on my crutches.The bank said they would allow me £1,000 which is not enough.So a big thank you Santander, be assured that you have one customer that will be housebound until you have cleared my cheque, also be assured that as soon as my affairs are in order you and I will no longer have any business of any kind.Your slogan should be - Santander - the UNCARING bank.            
                My parents are abroad and have not been able to access their own money for two weeks. Despite numerous calls (costing a fortune) to the useless call centre, they have been fobbed off and told to: fly back to the uk and go into a branch with ID three times DESPITE staff being told they are in East Africa. Every call to the useless call centre has resulted in utter frustration, useless staff who just cannot be bothered to help, and when they tried to raise a complaint - they were told to go into a branch as it cannot be done online. After waiting a week to get new log in details, the account is still inaccessible, and now they have been told to wait for the next set of login details to be sent out again. WHY in 2016 does this stupid bank not have alternative security protocols when the useless online system fails? We as a family, have been customers for 30 years, since the days of Abbey National. The first thing we will all be doing upon their return to the UK is definitely visiting the local branch 20 miles away to close all our accounts. I cannot begin to express the utter rage and anger I feel about this bank who doesn't know the meaning of customer service. Maybe your senior managers and call centre staff can go and have a training day (or month!) at First Direct.            
                Santander do not care about their staff. They just do not care. They are now demanding people log in one minute before they start, and getting told off for being a few seconds late from being off their dinner. They don't care about staff welfare, when I worked for them, they didn't care I was ill with depression, and left me out to suffer, rather than help me. My advice, don't ever work for Santander, don't ever do business with Santander. Their business methods and dealing with staff leaves a hell of a lot to be desired. I hope they wake up and smell the coffee.            
                I had to join Santander when they were taken over by the AN.If you have any  problem with them do not expect an easy one call resolution either in Branch or over the telephone.Wether it's lack of staff training ,too pressure work environment or both ,staff say one thing ,another member tells you another.Accounts are closed without notice,others are kept open contrary to instruction. One customer service adviser says one thing,another tells you something different. All the time you will find yourself frozen out of your funds.On a positive note,if nothing goes wrong with your account it's quite easy to manage online.But why take the risk?            
                I have current account (that i haven't used much over the years) and my infant's son savings account with Santander.Recently, I wanted some money paid into my account, and checked in the branch what details to quote.Person paying in was unable to transfer any money into it, the account details were continualy being refused, despite us cheking twice and making sure they are all correct.The same happened when I went to another bank and tried to transfer money from my other account into Santander one.Today, i popped ito a Santander branch, asking for help, and all I was told that the details are correct and if the money is not going in, it's probably because incorrect details are being put in.The attitude was as if I was waisting their time?!?! I Have reasurred them details have been checked many times, but the person at the counter kept repeating that all my account details are correct, and that other poeple with same account can receive money, so there ois no problem, as far as they are concerned, and that they cannot do anything more.Account that cannot accept money in, is as good as no account at all.I will probably close it.This customer services was trully appaling.            
                I have been with them 4 years and they charge lots of extra plus their staff have no idea on they how mortgage works - they just makeup numbers to attract clients and then you end up with another offer - I completely wasted a month over my mortgage application with them - stay away if you don't want to waste time or get disappointed on the last minute            
                I am a bit puzzled when I read all the reviews here.I can only talk about my personal experience. I do not do many things with Santander now, but when I do it always works.I had some disputes with the bank, but they have always been resolved in a very nice way (once I was paid more than £100 interest rates that I was not supposed to receive anymore and reimbursed an international phone call, this never happened with my bank in my home country).            
                I wouldn't normally bother with feedback /reviews however this has broken the mould on poor user experienceI signed up for a card with great benefits and expected a seamless onboard to online banking (as other leading financial services providers are able to provide) unfortunately not with these guys!You are bombarded with letters ,passcodes , passwords user id's, then have to change ,update ,create requiring a degree in algebra, after all this you try to access services and the website kicks you out but doesn't retain your recently updated passwords etc!- So onto the call centre - a classic case of computer says no , but they can't tell you why -its confidential ? As i've just signed up they only have my name address and date of birth and I know all of these.The only response is to ask you to go into branch with id -so 1980's! Finally in frustration I opt to cancel my card - guess what computer says no again and I have to go into branch to do this . So guess what Santander I'm not doing that- you can continue to send me letters statements emails SMS and updates for ever at your cost, this is a digital age - get with the programme            
                Ridiculous!! Declining me using my card because apparently I have a limit on my own money what I can spend each month it's total rubbish and once you reach the limit you can't use the card again till the next month! Absolutely stupid I'm furious!!!!            
                I have account with them since 5 years and its been one of the worst experience. I am in financial hardship and not getting any help. They call me always on my busy working hours. They are charging me £30 a month for a £500 overdraft limit. Due to my financial hardship I am unable to pay off the £500 and close the account but feels like just stuck with them. They send a me letter every three to six month saying I am paying too much charges and contact them for sort the situation out and when you call them they only tell you about the alert system they have which also does not function accordingly. I wish I just pay interest on my overdraft which should be the proper way to conduct business. When you open account with them they have good offers which they change after year or two trapping millions of people with additional charges. More sleepless nights. Bank for rich people and financial terrorists for low income customers. Shame on this type of business practice.            
                I applied for a Santander 123 credit card with a full direct debit linked to a 123 current account. I had previously been a customer so was fully aware of how bad Santander's customer service could be, and how badly it had treated me in the past. However, the lure of the 123 perks was enticing, and the basics of managing a credit card account is pretty much the same across all financial companies ... isn't it ?Shortly after receiving the credit card and using it a couple of times, it was declined. Telephone banking advised I needed to present myself to a branch to prove who I was and they would be able to remove the block. Despite my asking repeatedly why there was a block on the card the operator refused any explanation other than the block 'was in my interest'.  At the branch the cashier said a note would be put a on my account record but I would have to contact telephone banking again for them to remove the block as it was telephone banking that put it there initially. A bit long-winded but duly done. All was fine until I had a query on my first statement. Phoned, I failed the security check because I only had the statement to hand and not the credit card as well. Called back with both, answered all the security questions, and query answered. When I came to use the card again it was blocked. In the ensuing call I was told that because I had failed a security check the first time the account was subsequently suspended. Ringing back and passing the second security check didn't rescind the block, the block was only placed after the second call ! ! ! ! !At that point I should have heeded my own doubts but convinced myself that because I was a new customer these were only teething problems. A couple of months later the card was declined a third time. The explanation given was that I was attempting a Mail Order, the value was above Santander's permitted amount for the retailer. I was attempting to buy something from John Lewis. To remove the block I had to prove who I was at a branch .... all over again. The card was declined a fourth time, the day after the previous block, I had been advised, was removed. This time I was in a restaurant with family and friends. That really annoyed me. Later, having calmed down and when I phoned telephone banking, I learnt that the previous block, from the Mail Order I'd attempted, was still on the account. I never used the card again, all confidence eroded. Account closedI can take the whole debacle on the chin, however, what was hardest was my wife's disapproval when I told her I was applying for a Santander credit card. 'you'll regret it' she said. Sure enough was the 'I told you so' when I closed it. Because she was right on that, now she thinks (imagines more like) she's right all the time ...            
                Santander seem to be going down the pan since the CEO changed!  Having recently increased their monthly fee from £2 to £5, a 250% rise, it seems they cannot get their act together regarding the imminent changes to tax on savings interest and the new flexible ISA rule due to take effect from 6 April 2016. They state they will inform their customers in March 2016, only days before the changes take place, thereby giving customers no time to plan ahead and very little time to adjust their finances/accounts. Why they can't get their act together, like other financial institutions. Why they insist on keeping their customers in the dark about if, how, or when they will implement these changes in the tax rules, that were announced by the Chancellor in his 18 March 2015 Budget, goodness knows. I would urge all Santander customers to take them to task on this issue and request an update on exactly what their intentions are in this regard. Santander have had 11 months to formulate their protocol on these new HMRC rules and their failure to give customers ample warning about the impending changes to their Terms & Conditions is an appalling indictment on Santander and extremely bad customer service.            
                Made the switch simple, decent communication through letters but their online banking is light years behing the competition.Slow, crashes, freezes and navigation is a nightmare, hey Santander, the 80's called, they want their banking system back!!            
                My first account from Abbey :) After Abbey sold to Santander.I have business accounts, personal accounts, credit cards, etc. I have also HSBC accounts and my wife using Barclays. When I compare online banking, Santander is the best. Barclays need a professional designer and HSBC needs lots of things specially for reports.Banking costs, money transfer times, credit card costs all of these things better than others. Thank you Santander            
                There frontoffice is nice and understanding but there backoffice is rude, slow and unhelpfull. The People who really can do something.            
                No problems with Santander so far. Im with them for almost 2 years. I had account with Lloyds before and after some shocking customer service I went to Santander. Btw 3% on main account is a great deal compare to other banks.            
                I was given an wrong item, clearly you can see in the picture, they dump me with section 75, who didnt care, said I excepted it, I didnt, didnt sign for it, it was dump in the manor, I tried to contact them, they ignore the phone calls, so the bank said I didnt called ( thought I got photo evidence,) they didnt care i had so many evidence  , even letter from the manager of the manor, saying I didnt see the item, and they was suppose to see me to see that it correct. They Protect company who are sly and cheat customers. Pure rubbish and horrid experience, Oh and I lost 480 pound , as their error of paper work, cost me stress and money lost.            
                My partner started work for them with a confirmed 12 week training course. After 8 weeks she was expected to dispense with the training and go straight on the phones. There were 23 trainee candidates and 8 have already left or been asked to leave for not making the grade. Of the remaining staff a further 7 are already searching alternative employment due to the oppressive and bullying nature of the training staff.  My partner and several of her colleagues have returned home in tears. Those that remained have all stated via social media how scared and frightened they are as they themselves feel inadequately trained. This is the 21st century Santander. Workhouses were abolished many years ago            
                Unhelphul and rude call centre staff with rigid flexibility and archaic business processes. Time to change to the Nationwide i think.            
                Failed to take direct debit for no reason, then charged me a late fee. I called them, setup the DD again, and once again they failed to take the DD and tried to charge me a late fee. Setup the DD for a third time, and having just checked, they have failed to take it yet again! Absolutely hopeless customer service.            
                It's no point calling them, because U will never get resolution to your problem... I can say - useless!!! Don't ever bother!!!            
                I took out money from a Santander cash machine on the King's Road SW3 in December. Roughly £200 got trapped in the machine and I was told this would be credited to my account at the end of the day when the machine would show the discrepancy. This has never happened! I still am £200 short from this bank and furious that after one month I am still waiting for my money back.            
                I have just told my parents that this bank has not credited my credit card with a payment I had made and as such have been charged a fee for late payment. Plus my payment is missing! My parents in their 80s then told me about their experience. They were told they were overdrawn on an account they were not using, which they were not. They were intimidated by the many letters so just paid what was being asked for to stop the letters. I wish they had told me when it was happening !            
                In my honest opinion Santander's 123 Account is the best account I've experienced. Their customer service is brilliant, they're completely understanding to your personal needs and on every occasion I've had the need to speak to them they've listened to my issues and handled them in an instance. Whether it be loss of cards, unauthorised overdraft, Internet banking issues etc etc, they have always dealt any problems efficiently. You are made to feel like a valued customer and they give you a personal service. Unlike other banks that treat you like a number. I would never bank with anyone other than Santander.            
                Like all banks, as long as you stick within the T and C's and account limits along with keeping your account in good order, you will have no problems with this bank. Their 1-2-3 account was a huge shake up to the banking industry.  No other bank offered 3% on balances up to £20,000.  OK, so it now costs £5 a month as of January 2016 (previously £2 a month hence now only a 4* review as no need to increase fees 150% in one go!) so it isn't as good a deal as it was but once you have maxed out the better rate accounts (TSB Classic plus, Nationwide Flex direct etc) or like to have just one bank, this one is still pretty good value for money.            
                This bank is a fossil. got locked out of my online account, spoke to a supervisor who said it would take 6 working days to receive my paperwork to reset it. it was a friday evening so bearing this in mind it would arrive by the following monday. if that is not bad service i dont know what is.  Their online website give a 0845 number this number has been changed to a 0800 number but typical santander has not been updated....maybe this will be done in six working...months.  They encourage you to have an online account but when things go wrong there response is nothing short of pathetic and slow.  even when i wanted to complain they said i could not until i had reset my password.            
                Having been locked out of online banking due to typing my password wrong 3 times (my fault I know), I was told that my account was now locked and the only way to unlock it was by them sending me a letter in the post.  Estimated arrival.... 6 days.... How can a bank operate like this in 2016???I cannot even go into a branch and speak to someone, because business banking is only done over the phone or Internet.  Appalling technical services, appalling customer services.  I would not recommend using this bank to anyone.            
                Generally good, BUT why do they insist on OTP via mobile phone in this second world country where at least half of their rural customers cannot access the service. There must be enough customers afflicted by this to create an alternative way to pay new creditors.            
                Personal and business app is appalling you can't transfer payments between the two.I paid money in via post office and the cash got lost between the post office and Santander. I've now been told it could take up to six weeks to retrieve the cash due to protocol and procedures. The staff have been of no help whatsoever with different members of customer services giving conflicting advice.They are loosing my current and business account dealings.            
                Just left the Chelsea branch after being insulted as a result of the poor queuing system! To add to that, they dare to increase the monthly account fee by 250% when the inflation rate is close to zero! Closing my account!            
                I recently lost my daughter and have struggled to pay funeral and expenses plus Christmas for our four grandchildren she left. I worked out my finances using my overdraft facility but hadn't taken into account charges which came to £46 I called Santander customer services and the young man was absolutely great,! Wasn't judgemental at all and after some conversation he advised as a 'one off gesture' would repay the charges against me all £46 I cannot tell you the relief that overcame me, a disabled person on limited funds it was a real life saver for me and has allowed me to eat etc until my next payment is received in a few days time. Santander you really outshine the rest, I've been with Barclays for some 34 years and I know they would NEVER do such a gesture they just don't care their customers are only numbers. Whereas Santander treated me and have always treated me as a customer and I am grateful they are so human in their approach!10 out of 10 Santander the No. 2 Banks for everyday people.Thank You! ❤️            
                Student account and online banking is great, really clear before you apply, good benefits and interest on student account and 123 current account. Only fault is despite banking with them for around 6 years, in my interest free overdraft for some of student life but only as I was paying savings into another account, positive balance now and good credit score I was declined for a credit card (only wanted it to boost my credit rating more before applying for a mortgagee next year). I like to keep all accounts together so if Halifax accepts me for a credit card in a few months when I try again I will be moving my current account to them too.            
                Do not use Santander bank. Their customer service is awful. They just seek ways to make money out of your accounts through hidden charges even when they make mistakes. You will only lose money with them! Avoid at all costs!            
                Santander have been charging my account, and then charging me again for an unauthorized debit. So if there is no money in my account why charge me then do it again for a unauthorised debit. If you wish to lose more money then join Santander but frankly they don't care about you. They just want to find ways 2 cheat you out of your money.            
                I have a loan with them from December of 2013. Last April I decided to change my dd payment date. From that period (May 2015 till September 2015) they were unable to set up correctly a dd payment date. They sent me four applications to complete and as I have been told they could not set up a dd payment date!!!! The worst thing was that since they were not able to set up a correct dd payment date on my credit report was looked as I didn't pay!!!! Every week I used to write complain letters to them. I received four cheques as a compensation (one for £30.00, one for £25.00 and a third for £50.00 and also some flowers)!!! I asked from them at the middle of October to correct my credit report, as the unpaid installment was not my fault but their inability to set up a dd payment date correct. I have been chasing from them from the middle of October, I have contacted both the bank and the credit agencies, but I have not received the bank response yet. In the meantime I applied fro a credit card which has been declines due to the credit report (which wrongly shoes that from June to September the installments were unpaid). At the middle of October when I contacted the Complaint Department have been told that the credit agencies should contact the bank. When the agency contacted them they told them that I should contact them!!!!!!!!! I have dove it three times (two by letters and one by phone) and still waiting for their response!!!!!! ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!!            
                I'm a student and I thought that by opening up a Santander account I would not only be having a £1500 overdraft but I would also have a railcard to help with my travel. Apparently I needed online banking to set up mt railcard so I attempted this and they said they would send all my details in the post. They distributed about 4/5 different letters and I needed to remember all of these details and it took a very long time for it to all come.which for starters was highly inconvenient as I was without my promised railcard for a number of weeks. Eventually I got all of my details and I tried setting it up and this is when it gets absurd. They told me that I'm not eligible for one as I didn't set up my railcard in the time frame in which was necessary, laughable. I then went to withdraw some money and my card was sucked into their ATM and it didn't give me it back, I rang them up and they said that they would issue me a new debit card within the next 2-3 working days. Judging by their already terrible service it was obvious that it wasn't going to turn up for a couple of weeks and I would be unable to make any transaction. This was highly inconvenient as, like every other normal person, my everyday life requires me needing money. I then eventually get my card without knowing that I have been set a new pin. I go the ATM to withdraw money and I enter the now incorrect pin, I then go to repeat the pin which i thought was correct and now my account is blocked for the unforeseeable future. I am now switching to another bank and I advise NOBODY to choose Santander, that is all.            
                I have had a business account with Santander since 2012 and in the beginning everything was O.K  However over the last 12 or 18 months the customer service has took a nose dive. The staff really do not care about anything, and their complaints handling is none existent. All the staff can do is quote from their obvious scripts. Cheque deposits get lost and if you are not prepared to chase customers to find details of the cheques they have given you and ask them to cancel and re-issue, ect then Santander staff refuse to deal WITH ANYTHING even though you have followed Santander's procedures fully. This may be classed as acceptable customer service within Santander but I do not and I do not treat my customers like that. I am now looking into changing banks even with all the up-eval that brings having to notify costumers of the new bank details ect. Anyone looking for a bank account that can be relayed on or trusted to handle transactions correctly and promptly in my opinion should stay well away from Santander            
                So the interest rates and charges may not be the best out there but I went into store to get some advice about savings accounts as I didn't have a clue. The lady I spoke to, Nena, was lovely and gave me honest helpful advice about the help to buy ISA and other savings accounts making it all much easier for me to understand. Setting everything up was easy too, if you can prove you are who you say you are there shouldn't be a problem. People complain but would you rather anyone was able to access or set up an account in your name. I've never had a problem with Santander and have been banking with them since opened my first account 10+ years ago so I don't see the need to think about moving to another bank. When my card was stolen a couple of years ago they were helpful and quick in cancelling the card and issuing a new one for me. I always feel people are quick to complain and never to praise but I want to change the tone and say something positive! Plus, no bank is ever going to be able to please everyone but I'm a happy customer :)            
                Just spoke to an awful customer service representative, she of the sharp voice variety, very defensive, not at all explanatory or reassuring, which is what I needed. Both branches of this bank have now closed for refurbishment and I have cheques to bank and nowhere to bank them. I can travel to Bletchley to do so, in peak hour traffic, during the Christmas rush, and oh I forgot...take time off work which I cannot do right now! How stupid are they to close both branches simultaneously...why not leave one open for those of us who cannot get into Bletchley? And put better people on heir customer services desk so you can get a sympathetic response rather than what I got. I was so infuriated by the experience that I used the " b****y" word and told her she was rubbish at her job, she thanked me for that! I've had bad experiences it's the one branch recently, standing in a queue for 20 minutes to bank cheques, and all I was given was an envelope to put them in and use the drop box. Fine, but keep the branch open so i can do that. And no, I do NOT want to risk sending hard earned cheques in the post, so that is not a viable option. Must consider closing this account and moving to another bank...!            
                Most unhelpful bank I have ever come across in my entire life. The staff are rude and do not care about anyone. They can see people are struggling with money so yeah let's add £471 of charges on their account to scare them a little. I clearly have not used this account in 6 years but never the less keep adding charges that clearly I have no idea about. Call to ask for a breakdown of how these unknown charges are incurred but of course you can not have this information.Money grabbing waste of space bank.. they are not getting a penny out of me..  but I am backed into a corner as I can not get help from citizens advice without a statement which santander will not provide.  what a shoddy state of affairs when you are clearly praying on the vulnerable!!            
                Had a letter to say that I've got an instant savings account that I haven't used for a while and that they plan to close it.Well considering that I never opened an account with them in the first place (and definately never would!) it's hardly suprising that the account being referred to isn't used.So I called them to insure that this so called account is closed to be told that I may have held an A&L account some time ago of which they bought out and that may be the reason why I now have an account at Santander.When I asked to insure that it would be closed, they told me that I would have to go to a branch to close it!!  Even though I never opened it!!Wouldn't use or recommend this company.  Its clear they have underhanded dealings.  AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!            
                Opened an on line account but for the last month been unable to access it as they locked it and they are now having a third attempt at sending a new pin to me. Raised a high level complaint on 5.11.15 as they didn't call back when they promised and they publish a phone number on their website for you to call but when you do it simply tells you to redial another number. Apparently there are no plans to correct this until sometime this December If this is not enough to show you how little customers are valued they will not call you when opening/switching an account as they think they don't need to as so many people come to them. In case you wondered complaint STILL under investigation.Unless you have plenty of time to waste don't bother switching. I will be returning to First Direct-fooled by Santander incentives but don't be a fool like me.            
                Horrible. My experience in branch as well as on the phone attempting to receive customer service have all been very unpleasant. Highly incompetent staff. I can see why they have such desperate promotions to pull in customers- they wouldn't get any customers any other way. Furthermore the sign up incentive was not honored so I promptly closed the account. Stay away from this bank at all costs.            
                Having moved my business banking to Santander a few months ago I can only say I have been nothing but happy with all elements. Sure the website could do with a little work but its certainly not a deal breaker and actually it does everything I need. If there was 1 thing I would like to see and miss from HSBC is the function of being able to see the next working days transactions i.e. credits and debits due to leave the account but its not the end of the world.The application was done online and a few days after I was asked to answer a questionnaire which I liked as it showed that someone was reading the application rather than just loading your details, I was then swiftly accepted and received everything within a few days.The account integrated perfectly with Paypal, withdrawals are showing immediately both ways which is a good thing, expect a few security checks at the start but once a few transactions have been made they will be instant.So far so good, as above that feeling that there is someone on the other end is good. HSBC I found did everything and anything by credit search/computer says so method which is just frustrating and Lloyds just want to lend you money(so they can squash you if it goes wrong).I won't give 5 stars as I've not had a christmas card yet no but seriously nothing is ever perfect and as soon as they add that option to the online banking it'll be a 5 star.All banks have a fair share of negative comments online so I think its important to take things with a pinch of salt, banks are not there to be our friends, they are a business and have to follow strict rules. If you are not making them money or behaving in a way that could cause them losses financially or legally expect to have problems. Be straight and honest with them and you will have no problems.            
                Rather than telling and thing about them I would sent you the simple email what i said to them, I would request everyone please don't open the account with santander and never think of switching the account at all.Hi Dear,I am very upset on your response i  have already provided you twice the copies of my passport and visa, i have also provided the proof of address. 1ST time applied online and the reference no of application is Our ref: OLA10450947 and given you all documents you requiered.. you people said that i have entered wrong date of birth applied again as you advised.2ND time when i applied under the reference no of application is Our ref: OLA10504423 and went to your branch with all my documents required , i gave my passports to you staff and rather than scaning the valid passport and visa she only copy the expired passport attach to new passport, you people said to provide again the valid passport. i went to you branch 3rd time and provided all the passports and identifications. after 10n days i sent you inquiring email about the status of my application. Now you saying that i have to provide you again valid passport. which i already did three (3) times.I am really sorry to say that you people are highly unprofessional and non-serious about the customer who want to join you ...  Rather than taking people serious and informing them on time you asking 4 time the same documents which i have given you already. i have one (1) year old daugher i cannot go again and again. just for your fun.Kindly response me decently and on time... rather than reviewing my application again and again.Regards, Sana Adnan.            
                Iftv it was possible to give ZERO stars I would.  First of all trying to open an account in the UK was impossible I'm from the Republic of Ireland which last time I checked was within the EU so should be easy enough right NO!!! Me and my fiancé ended up with basic accounts that did nothing for us and after months of putting over £2000 pounds a month into the bank my fiancé was told he couldn't have a simple debit or credit card and had to continue to use the ATM card. We moved to Metrobank and were EACH given debit cards that day I was a student and not earning much. Then when we were leaving the UK and had to close our accounts we felt treated like criminals in Santander. Metrobank clicked one button and our accounts were closed and our money back within 5 minutes. Santander took over 30 minutes and held onto our passports as they did it. What makes your company think they can hold onto my passport to close some stupid account like I'm some criminal who might run away. I'm also pretty sure she wrote down my passport number without my permission. I can't be sure because she purposely did this out of my view behind her computer. In my country which mainly has the same laws as the UK its the law that only official personal can hold my passport out of my sight. I will tell everyone I know to avoid Santander like the plague and if you ever move to the UK your first stop should be Metrobank            
                Tried logging on to my bank account, using the same password as usual. Guess what, it refused to log on telling me there was a problem with the cookies, whatever that is!!..After a call to their centre, which was very politely dealt with I was told their computer could`nt recognize my password.I asked them to reset it, as some banks can do but told I would have to wait upteen days until they deigned to send me a new password that I could then change back to the one it would`nt recognize..  You really could`nt make this stuff up...utterly useless system..going to kick this unreliable internet system into touch and go back to using the branch network which is by far the best part of this outfit            
                They blocked my debit card from taking money from cash mashins for over month and they sent me a new card and I still couldn't take money out! They only raised a monthly fee for my account. Very rudy staff at branch and absolutely unhelpful. Avoid            
                We switched our business banking to the Corporate and Commercial platform of Santander. This is singularly the worst decision we have as a company ever made. The online banking platform is archaic, unintuitive and awful to use - it is like something from 15 years ago. There is no App. The functionality is poor and the usability is honestly the worst I have ever encountered. Requests for changes are dismissed (the majority), or we're told they're coming but can't say when. The IT team refuse to discuss issues directly - they all have to be communicated through a third party and the answers are often defensive and dismissive. The customer support is similarly woefully inadequate - often the representative is not even familiar with the platform being used or its functions. If we could go back we would in the blink of an eye. My recommendation is to avoid at all costs. It is so bad, others simply have to be better.            
                Should be taken to task for the mis selling of investment products, would be better off keeping with money in Premium bonds.Online service ok but nothing to shout about thinking about transfering to another bank            
                I have been trying to get in touch with Santander about £1,000 they took from my account, I started my complaint in July 2015 and they have not answered my questions, they say they have written to me and they haven't, they say they will phone me back with an answer and they haven't, they have kept me on hold for extremely long periods trying to find someone who can answer my question.  I hope they will be able to honestly close my account when I have a half day spare to communicate with them.            
                I've had a boat loan with this bank for almost 8 years and i often sent extra money with my monthly payments.  I've requested numerous times for the extra money to be applied to principle.  This bank applies the extra money to future payments not principle.  I am losing money every month because of this ridiculous policy.  This bank refuses, telling me that i have to call "EVERY MONTH ON THE DAY THE PAYMENT HITS THEIR BOOKS TO MAKE THE REQUEST".   They have the worst customer service of any bank I've ever had.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS BANK !!!            
                - Excellent service- Opened my Bank Account over the phone- Had all my direct debits transferred without any problems- My business bank account was set up without any aggravation- Unlike Natwest whom I banked with as a child, you don't need a card reader.  Mobile phone codes are used to make external tranfers- You don't need three working days to set up a new payee- Natwest are rubbish- I applied for a credit card and got approval instantly without speak to anyone.- Keep up the good work.            
                All I needed to get was a mortgage statement. I spent almost on hour on the phone to various freephone numbers just to be told I needed to speak to customer services, no answer when put through. I hung up and called the customer service number and no option for mortgages or to speak direct to an advisor. No way to call a branch directly which is also very unhelpful. Eventually got through and was told it was possible to get a statement in branch as I needed it urgently, as long as I had ID and account number. Got to branch and was told that it wasn't possible, that it had to be done by post and would cost £25 - no fee was mentioned when I phoned customer services!Was then asked very aggressively by the man in branch why I hadn't considered them for my new mortgage (you'd think they'd have worked out why), and then told by the mortgage advisor that I 'couldn't pull out of my mortgage', despite the fact I'd patiently explained to him several times that I was selling the property and was paying the early settlement fee. Absolutely the worst, most inconsistent (being told one thing on the phone and then another thing in person) customer service I've ever experienced. Was reluctantly handed over an 'informal' statement for no charge - this does not make up for the aggressive interrogation, rude interruptions and abrupt attitude when being asked why I needed the statement.            
                See previous post            
                Every person you speak to about an issue tells you something different and Santander take no responsibility for what their staff tell you, even if the lie causes you big problems. The online banking and phone "support" are awful to use with loads of layers and longwinded automated process makes it almost impossible to use and if you do get through  to someone they usually can't help you.They lie. A lot. They will take money from you under false pretences and administer charges for things that they have specifically promised in advance do not exist. They will respond to your complaint with nothing but a smug celebration of their successful theft and tell you that there is nothing you can do about it.They say lie about the terms of their services, for example offering "perks" such as railcards to lure you into banking with them... but they will not intact make good on their advertising or contractual agreements. There customer service is so so so so bad it makes you want to scream and cry and kill yourself and their customer interactions are clearly designed to make it to difficult for customers to get anything done ever.Do not bank with these monsters.            
                I have been with Santander for 3 years now. Firstly I'm very frustrated with this new 150% increase from £2 a month to £5 a month. My credit card apr is now going up so if the fee, how can this be justifiedWhen I call the bank it takes over 20 mins a time and I usually have to be transferred to another department and wait again! Me and my wife have a joint credit card but I have been told as I have online banking and I'm only an additional account holder I cannot see the credit card online only my current account and my wife cannot have online banking! This is so frustrating as I never know my balance and I cannot call them as I'm only an additional account holder!Recently I have had some fraud on my account, unwilling to sort this and I'm down by £660.00 apposlutly terrible service. This has promoted me to move banks ASAP.            
                Money held in withholdings as a consequence of Santander duplicating transactions on statement with a merchant.Blamed merchant for duplicates and prompted me to chase them up. Subsequently, screen print of times and confirmed amounts from the merchant proved that origin of duplicated amounts were very obviously from Santander. Interacted with 7 customer services personnel this morning and 2 complaints dept employees because of this error.Only after the 8th interaction with customer services was the issue understood and spotted by that one member of staff, who transferred the issue for the 3rd occasion to the very complaints dept who earlier had twice rejected and concluded at the same time that there was nothing to address vis a vis missing money from available balance in my account. The very perplexing thing is that I think the complaints dept who have raised a complaint about the previous 2 complaints this very morning may not have fully understood what the customer services representative who understood andexplained to her, that the origin of the problem is in fact Santander!By far the very worst high st Bank in the U.K.All too often Santander are guilty of not having the ability to recognise anomalies and problems emanating from their own systems.What is unacceptable from my point of view, is, the lack of simple knowledge of their own products, as well as the know how to resolve problems by their staff members across the board!Extremely frustrating and testing!            
                Joined a queue of 5 people, and only 2 serving at the counter,  I wouldn't normally wait but had some bags of change to pay in, after about 5mins another 6 people had joined the queue, still only 2 serving, people at the front of the queue grumbling. After waiting 15 mins still 4 in front of me, I decided not to waste any more of my time and walked out.VERY POOR SERVICESORT IT OUT SANTANDER            
                Had money taken out of my account even though i cancelled an order... This was 3 weeks ago, they are refusing to give my money out of holding and Amazon have sent them letters telling them it is a cancelled order, any longer i'll have to contact some trading standards.Rude RUDE customer service over the phone, rude customer service instore soon essentially trying to shove every single thing down my throat whenever i just want to deposit some money.            
                They are an absolute joke. DO NOT switch everything to them like we did. There are far better banks out there who offer similar reward accounts. Go with them, NOT Santander! They messed up the setting up of a direct debit to pay off our credit card, like we do every month (huge bill, as we pay for everything on the card and pay it off in one go). Payment went out but THEY had messed up the reference so payment wasn't received at the credit card end.We received a phone call the day before going abroad to say our credit card was blocked for not paying. They then charged us TWICE BUT used the wrong reference AGAIN. This means we either become overdrawn (and therefore charged a daily rate) because everything comes out another time OR the credit cards get blocked and we get charged. This will get larger and larger because we'll be away on holiday, unable to sort it. Either way, we lose out financially because of their terrible phone service, who can't even set up a direct debit, and there's nothing we can do while away.            
                I've been their customer for the 123 account for the last 5 months and it's been ok so far.The -1 star is for1) they're increasing the monthly fee from £2 to £5 in January, which is a whooping 150% increase;2) their cash-in machines are antiquated: you put the money in an envelope and _state_ how much you've put in and some time at the end of the day some clerk actually opens the envelope and counts the money and that's when it gets credited. So the cash-in time via machines is 2 working days. Also they don't say this, but the envelope needs to be pretty thin, if you stick a £1k stack of £20 bills in it it'll jam (gave me quite a scare).Other than that I'm quite pleased with them. 3% interest, cashback on direct debits, all duly paid. Internet banking doesn't require a token (which is good and bad), instant sms alerts for transactions (if set up).            
                I put the correct password in at the top its all number but came up letter every time i then was prompted to call them not easy when you are abroad. After going through all the security checks I can answer every personal detail about myself. I was told i was block off because i enter my password incorrectly and said I could use telephone banking I do not know how to use this ...never have...I use internet banking they told me they would send new details out ...before I left i moved ...they said I need to go into the bank personal to tell them ..Ive moved ...or I could change my address online.......go figure I need to go home ..Am a very happy person mt winter plans are gone  ! thank you Santander            
                Call for a balance review to be told my account balance then my minimum payment is twice the balance.... go figure! Call 'Customer Service' for assistance and they refuse to speak to me because I can't tell them exactly my credit limit, this is outrageous. I can answer every personal detail about myself but can't give them a credit limit so they refuse to take a payment from me and get the account up to date. Crazy processes, I'm not taking money away, I'm adding it!!! After lots of ranting and refusing to leave it at that I am eventually told it can be resolved by simply taking ID into a branch, why did it take so long and me getting irate for that simple piece of advice to be issued?! Once this account is closed I will not be using Santander again for any of their products.            
                My bank card recently expired on the month of expiration the card stopped working. So I called the bank and asked them to send me a new card and I also verified my address with the rep. I waited two weeks and still no card. I went to the local branch verified my address again and they reissued my card because it was sent to the wrong place. So I waited patiently remind you! Santander does not do temporary debit cards. So you can imagine how frustrating it is not having access to your funds. Two weeks later I called the call center and they told me I had to wait a total of 10 business days and it should be there tomorrow. I still didn't receive my card, I went back to the bank because I still have yet to receive my card. The woman looked over the accnt at the branch and realized the idiots who placed my order for a new card, Never updated my address. I'm livid at this point 4 weeks in and still no card. So I had to wait another 10 days for my card. I check the mail this morning and still no bank card so I called Santander and the only solution they had was the same solution which was sending me another card instead of sending it to a local branch where I can pick up my card. Tonight I came home and I was so happy to have received my card until I went to activate it. I spoke with someone in activation she said that because they are issuing me another card that I could not activate this. So this is now 6 weeks in and my fourth request for a bank card. I was livid so she had transferred me to Louise employee ID 825978 who was very rude. Kept talking over me and my fiancé the whole time. Rule number 1 in customer service when you are dealing with an irate customer the least you want to do is add fuel to the fire. But nope she didn't care she even had the odacity to place us on hold when we we're complaining to her about Santander screwing up. We finally got aggravated and asked to speak with a supervisor here we are 10 minutes on hold again and she came back on the line said she didn't have one avail and supervisor Is first come first serve I would have to hold longer. She was very snippy and I understand dealing with upset customers aren't easy but if your company screws up be prepared to answer for it. I asked to have a supervisor call me back because I'm exhausted at this point and their mistake only effect 1 person and that's me. It was 7:30 and still no dinner yet I'm angry. So I asked that the supervisor call me back and she told me I won't get a call until tomorrow. I was very upset so I told her they better call me tonight or I will make sure I place every bad review online and report this to the news I even asked for an email to make my complaint all she could provide was an address. her response was uh huh! Yup! Yup! Very snippy. So she asked if there was anything else? i asked my fiancé if she had anything else to say and my fiancé said "what's the point it's not like she's listening to us anyways" and guess what Louise did she hung up. I'm upset they would send my card to the wrong place there is no security in that. And I'm upset I spoke with two managers when I went to the bank several of times, called the call center several of times and still no result. After speaking with Louise I feel like this bank really doesn't care how angry or upset I was and I have been a customer since it was sovereign. I will be opening a new accnt at another bank this Saturday and once I start receiving direct deposit to my new bank I will cancel Santander. They are a horrible establishment for a bank.            
                First they cancelled 1 of my cheque books without any reason, which resulted in lots of bounced cheques, embarrassment and inconvenience.  They tried to blame the event on us and could not identify why their systems had done this.  Second they closed my account for no reason, which resulted in direct debits bouncing - this time even more inconvenience and embarrassment. Again they could not explain why they had done this.Thirdly they promised £130 compensation for this - which was fair - but when I checked the bank account, it was only £110.  When I queried this, they said that they had made a mistake with the amount in the letter to me - and would not pay the £130 promised. Fourthly, I closed my account and this was far from hassle-free.  I owed the £2 monthly fee and yet they owed my £3 on my credit card - but they said they could not close my account without having paid the £2 on the account off...they could not transfer the money from the credit card (despite it being linked), so I had to log online and pay them £2 then wait for them to send me a £3 cheque.  Apparently they could not write the £2 off. All this took HALF AN HOUR!!!  Would never, ever use their services ever again - poor "jobsworth" attitudes, poor systems and a failure to learn from their mistakes - and they can't resolve complaints properly.            
                Tried using credit cards or debits cards on the internet or for travel for simple cheap things - all get blocked then had to phone someone up. Ugh! They really dont have a clue and they make you feel embarassed that you have used their cards. Why cant the bank take responsibility for these small amounts and not just block the cards and leave you stranded? For travel abroad their security system for re-activating crads is a nightmare. Use pre-loaded cards from other companise such as fairfx - much much better for travel and internet.            
                Average Bank            
                How can Santander hike their monthly fee's by 150% !! I don't care how valid they feel their reasons are, it's just appalling business planning, in fact I think it borders on abject negligence.No business should be allowed, by law, to increase fee's by such huge margins. I think it's shameful.Shame on you Santander !!!            
                I never knew the banking sector in this country could be soo amateur, unprofessional and so damn stupid. I took out a mortgage in 2011 with these people, for 78000. A couple of years down the line I was made aware that the outstanding balance on my mortgage was 105000 which made no sense. It transpired that apparently I had taken out a second mortgage  (which I had no idea about). I was made to carry out my own signature analysis which cost me over 500 pounds.  As santander could not provide me with the original paperwork,  the signature analysis  was done on a photocopy print. It concluded it wasn't me who signed it. In fact the branch where all this took place- I had never even stepped foot in this place. As santander gave the monies out in good faith, they feel they are not responsible. They have refused to comment on the basics. For example the signature was not even close to mine and no I.D was taken from the person in branch. I have told santander to take me to court, as they obviously  incapable of dealing with this mess. They haven't done so but continue  chasing me for this money and in the process ruining my credit score.I would not deal with this company for anything. They are trained like crooks to rip people off. Some of the things their customer service people have suggested is just plain stupid. Unwilling to empathise with the situation and making more silly suggestions for what I should do to help the situation.            
                Changed their online banking system to a rubbish replacement to force a move to telephone banking. Don't expect to be able to reset details or log in again if you get called away suddenly and don't return quickly enough to log out without it automatically logging you out!            
                İ went on holiday , durıng that time I needed to pay the balance on a bill , so using their on line service which I have been using for years , İ went on line to do a transfer all was well , they then sent me a pass code on our phone to confirm the transaction ; Later that day İ looked to check if the supplier had been paid and found my account blocked :Now try contacting them from abroad (impossible ) so İ went on the complaint site , the people who replied when worst than stupid , one phone call to me the phone line cut , nothing back from them , two days later they phone again , ask me how old am İ- date of birth - where do İ live etc etc , then tell me ' sorry we can not talk to you as you have failed ' now 8 days later İ still have nothing from them and my account is blocked .On my return I will close my account , used Barclays in the end and all went well            
                I have been a customer of santander/Abbey National for 20 years. I have a mortgage with them and a current account that has an overdraft of £3000 that I am not in. I applied for a 123 credit card today and was declined. The manner they did it in also left a lot to be desired. Just to clarify I am a member of experian and my score is 999...The highest. I have always managed my account well and never defaulted on my mortgage. They have made an awful lot of money off me just through my mortgage! I have no idea why I was declined but I am currently in the process of moving my business to another bank. I am thoroughly disapointed by Santander            
                Terrible bank, and getting worse not better, get your wallet stolen and cards used you can forget any help from Santander, not only make you wait over a month for a new card, then you find out they have not actually stopped all the cards, then after waiting on the phone for over an hour to report lost cards, they say they had been used, will they refund the money? NO way, treat you like the criminal rather than the thief who stole the wallet. Interested in looking at the camera on the cash machine, NO, will the manager meet you, NO, just a fraud team in Bootle, faceless and unhelpful, after being with this bank since Abbey and A&L time to move. Dont trust Santander with your money.            
                Been with Santander/A&L/Girobank for >20 years. No issues when this same account was with the previous 2 operators but since San took over, it has been issue after issue. These are real and reasonable issues or else they wouldn't have paid me a substantial sum in the past in apology money.The latest involved opening a second 123 current account. Only at a late stage was I made aware that the imminent annual fee increase of 150%  in a few weeks and that I would be credit searched for wanting to deposit £20k! I object to the increase in annual fees of current and card accounts and the fact that they want to credit search me after all this time to open a further 123 account. I want to lend them money not borrow it so I refused permission for the search. Furthermore their rule that you can't have 2 joint named 123 accounts effectively forced my partner off her joint account that she had held for over 2 decades to allow the now failed second account application to proceed.Refusal for the credit search predictably halted the application's progress and I won't pay the increased annual fees so San will now loose :2 x 123 current accounts 2 x 123 card accounts purely due to inflexible T&Cs now and increased charges from January 2016. Hardly a good days work Santander but you have to realised that you need some customers considerably more than they need you.            
                I checked my account online tonight - 22.9.15 at 11.09pm and found 4 direct debits removed dated 23.9.15.  I had wondered why I was incurring charges recently, they take out payments for the next day BEFORE any money goes in.  Yes - they are actually manufacturing the situation where they can charge their customers fees - either for overdrafts or rejected payments.  I have previously challenged uninformed changes that have resulted in fees being charged, but this time I have actually caught them red handed dipping into my account!  If you are considering changing to them - don't, they are one of the most disreputable companies I have ever had the misfortune of encountering.            
                The post office banks with santander and when paying off a credit card with a debit card through the post office, it has reached santander but has not made the payment! Theu have said they have it but as it shouldn't have been paid with debit card it will not be transferred to the payment at lloyds and as I don't bank with them they can not discuss it because 'you could be anyone'!!! They will not take it any further or give it back. It is THEFT and the authorities will be hearing. Absolutely disgusting attitude. Rude and with no understanding it compassion and generally people nowadays cannot afford to just 'lose' £300. If you want to bank with them, do so at you your peril!            
                I had put a cheque into my account, unbeknown to me that it could go through "extended clearance". I was very upset as it was a gift from a very important person and was being used for a mortgage! I spoke to a wonderful young lady called carris, who went out of her way to get it sorted for me. She processed my cheque and issued me a further £50 compensation for the mislead info i got when processing my cheque. I feel that alot of the time, the people we speak to on the phone get the full force of our anger when sometimes its not that person directly who is at fault. If anyone from santander reads this i feel this young lady needs some form of recognition. She didnt just do her job, she went the extra mile and some. Thank you carris. Youve made things so much easierTaylor hart.            
                My first experience was my brothers account being blocked for transferring money to me, apparently two brothers transferring money is suspicious, and they decided not to inform him that it was blocked and only a failed payment let him know, After a whole morning of calls and branch visits this was sorted.My second experience, my bank was blocked transferring money to my brother, again I didn't know until my card was rejected at a MOT garage and I couldn't get my car. After a day of calls and branch visits this was finally sorted. Then they rejected my credit card application for no reason, this rejection then brought down my credit ranking and they had 0 reasons. After 3 weeks with them its clear that they are terrible, I'm to scared to transfer money as I don't want the trouble of speaking to their terrible staff and I'm in the process of switching back to halifax. Avoid at all costs!P.S. My brother is also leaving after a number of extra problems.            
                We switched account from TSB to take advantage of the cash back and low 4.2% loan to clear an existing loan with another bank at 8.9% we were offered a loan at 16.9 % This is banking robbery, misled by personal banker shown and offered what we wanted but ended up with nothing.DO NOT TRUST THEM!            
                I wanted to apply for a student account for university. I applied online and it told me I had been rejected. I checked with experian and my credit score is excellent. I called them to query it and they said the decision of their computers is final even if it's wrong? Not bothering with them at all; will sign up somewhere else.            
                Recently I have applied for a bank account with Santander. Despite living in England for 16 years and working part time I had been rejected by post office. In Santander Harlesden Branch Miss Ana Garcia delt with my case and I must say she went for extra miles for me. Despite I had been rejected from everyday account due to an unresolved issue with my previous bank she tirelessly searched the options and when I had been accepted for a basic account she even called me if I am in the area to do the paperwork even before the appointment set up. I even been offered a saving account what not requires credit check so I was able to cash my cheque I received. In the checqe the name was misspelled and she contacted the issuer of the cheque and made things right. I never experienced this level of care from a bank, they made me trust banks again. Thank you Santander, Thank you Ana Garcia.            
                Recently I have applied to Santander Credit Card and by mistake a full amount of payment had been set up as direct debit. When I had been charged £15 failed direct debit fee I contacted the person who dealt with my application and in no time the fee had been refunded.  Every time I visit Santander Harlesden Branch all staff is extremely friendly, helpful and they always go an extra mile to help me. They make me feel that Santander is a local bank with a personal approach to people.I have personal account, business account and credit card with Santander and I can manage everything via online banking, convenient, safe and easy to use, really user friendly.I know my money is safe with Santander, when my card details had been used by frauds for online purchase Santander automatically rejected the payments and contacted me. My card had been suspended and in 3 days I have received my new card.My overall experience with Santander is great, I would recommend this bank to everyone who wants a professional bank with a personal touch.            
                i tried to open a 123 account, and despite never having been in debt of any type, not needing to borrow money, and having a healthy bank balance i was refused with no explanation at all.            
                I find Santander an exceptionally difficult bank to deal with.  Tonight I tried to contact the customer service help desk in connection with a query on my business account.  The contact numbers on the web site are all out of date having been revised a month ago.  At the time of writing I have been waiting for 28 minutes and 58 seconds for someone to answer my call.I at last got through only to be told that the number I had been given was wrong. They were unable to give me the correct number. It is now 8.15 on Saturday 29th August and I will now be unable to make progress on my urgent query until Tuesday 1st September.This bank is a complete nightmare. The only reason I don't change is that it is such a nightmare to set up new MOTO accounts for processing credit card transactions.            
                I applied for an everyday current account and was accepted. But, the measly 50 pound overdraft facility I requested was rejected. I have checked my credit file and have an excellent score. I have no debts and always pay my bills on time. Cancelled the application. Decided to stay with current bank (who closed my local branch). I see this as a lucky escape, judging some of the reviews I've read!            
                Got through to speak to someone relatively quickly (few minutes) then spoke to Kirsten from Glasgow who dealt with my query quickly , efficiently and in a friendly manner.This is the best experience I've had with a call centre in a long time, usually they are horrendous.Excellent customer service - thank you            
                I have heard a lot of poor reviews about Santander and recently found them to be 2nd in Customer satisfaction.I am a customer that has been happy with them, I had to cancel my direct debit to pay my credit card and then had issues paying manually. Branch and first call advised technical issues. Then I had to spend nearly an hour on the phone to pay some off before my deadline. The staff were friendly and kept me up to date throughout, despite the frustration for both me and the agent when a technical issue was preventing the payment. Eventually they took the payment.I complained via Twitter, they responded very quickly, offered to pay for the phone call (they actually paid about treble the phone call) advise I should have no further issues and provided an email address and a point of call should the issue ever reappear.Only scored down because I had to take to Twitter because I could not find an email address.            
                Amazing!! I have been putting tens of thousands pounds profit into my Santander/ Abbey business account yearly for 18 years with out ever having an overdraft or borrowing a penny. I have been told that I dont have a credit rating so even though 500 pounds sits in my poersonal account they wont give me a visa debit card and told me to contact experian. Despite me being on the electoral role and filling in their online form Ive been told I need to photocopy and fax my passport to them. This would take me a morning out of my busy week with no guarantee of what the result will be. Painful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!            
                I was finding it quite stressful to open my student account, so I rang the UK Santander team for help. I was put through to a member of the team (Simon) and he could not have been more helpful and made the process stress free and easy. I couldn't be happier with the service I received from them, and I will definitely be ringing back if I have any problems as they are so nice and easy to talk to.I recommend anyone who has not yet opened their student account, to ring Santander and open one with them.            
                Whilst on holiday my Santander Credit card failed in some retailers but not all. Called the bank to resolve. The multi-billion pound banking corporation, proceeded to advise that i should give the magnetic strip a rub and try again. After nearly an hour of explaining that i and the numerous retailers had tried that. The final outcome was that i should clean the magnetic strip again. I was told in no uncertain terms that i should be happy it was working in some places and Santander could offer no other solution.I find this really difficult to understand, as they are a worldwide banking organisation, surely there must be others options for customers when they are stranded in a different country.Incredibly poor customer service...If i could give my review 0 stars i would.....moving banks now, thanks for ruining our holiday Santander!!!!This has taught me a valuable lesson..........do not bank with Santander as they do not care if you are stranded in a far away part of the world without any means of living.            
                I applied for a mortgage on 12 Aug, the mortgage was approved and rejected after the valuation on 20 Aug.  Santander have said that they will only go with what the surveyor says.  The reason stated for rejection was that the property is not good for marketing – god know what that means!!! The property is situated 10 minutes walk from the city of London. I wasted my time!  I would not recommend Santander even though they have low interest mortgages.            
                STAY WELL CLEAR OF THIS MICKEY MOUSE COMPANY THEY DO NOTHING BUT LIE ,PROMISE TO CALL YOU BACK, THAT NEVER HAPPENS CLOSED A BOND BEEN WAITING FOR OVER 2 WEEKS FOR CHEQUE ONE TELLS ME IT HAS BEEN SENT ANOTHER ONE SAYS IT'S NOT BEEN SENT AND IS UNDER INVESTIGATION DON't THINK I WILL GET THIS MONEYSO BE AWARE STAY WELL CLEAR NOT EVEN WORTH ONE STAR            
                Never will I use this company again for mortgage purposes , too many mistakes ,not enough correct information given . Let down over and over again  by people saying different things !!. Small mortgage under £6000  took nearly 6 months to complete .Was told it was going to be a very simple process as we were existing customers  !  It was a total nightmare from beginning to end what with computer glitches and telephone meetings that were made and ignored even after a wait of 6 weeks  ( unbelievable ) ,house valuation needed and a solicitor that we were not even  told about when we first enquired about our needs   etc etc . we would not have chosen this route if we had been correctly informed at the beginning . A credit card would have been a 3 week wait !! Disgusted  did not even receive the £ 60 compensation  offered due to yet another mistake !!  NB   We did not refuse the offer , we just said we would like to read our letter of complaint  (that u had written on our behalf !! )  before agreeing to the amount , Very unhappy with  how we were treated  as loyal customers .            
                I WAS GIVEN MIS INFORMATION AT THE BRANCH - CONTACTED THEIR CONTACT NUMBER AND THEY IMMEDIATELY OFFERED ME £40 TO COMPENSATE - THAT WAS MORE THAN I HAD LOST IN INTEREST.VERY EFFICIENTLY IT WAS IN MY ACCOUNT QUICKLY            
                This bank is a disgrace, I know they are a business and want to make profit but they will do anything to screw you. The overdraft fees were capped to £20 per month and now it is £1 per day! Boycott! Other banks provide better services and won't look for any ways to take YOUR money from you.            
                Recently I've tried to purchase online, it has took me to an alternate page where I am to type a security code, I hadnt had this before so I tried to enrol, I tried 6 times of which each time failing, I then tried to sign up on santander private banking and it said I can't activate my account at this time, extremely p***** off and I am extremely annoyed, a company of this status should have a better set up            
                I have nothing but good things to say about Santander.  Their customer service, their UK call centres, the knowledge of their staff, their efficiency.  I rarely have the opportunity to share positive feedback but feel compelled to say that in the last two years Santander have really helped me.There 1,2,3 account is beyond comparison to any other bank account on the high street particularly if you have a mortgage.  Their online service is good and they have redesigned the logging in system in response to their customer base.  Their fraud detection team react quickly and I received such a good mortgage rate with them just last month.I have had some moments particularly in the beginning which left me frustrated but that is only to be expected.  Overall I am glad I am one of their customers and I would highly recommend them.            
                We recently moved from MBNA to the 123 Santander credit cards as they offered good money back rates and as the balance is paid off  each month it seemed like a good offer... BIG mistake and after only 4 months we are having to close the accounts and open other credit cards as everything is detected as fraud !!! This even happens when you phone up first to say you are going to make a transaction.  The Santander fraud team have told me phoning first makes no difference as the blocks are electronic and it's for my security.  The card might as well be made of toffee for all the use it is and as for my security a whole holiday inc flights had to be booked through a debit card as it was the only was I could book it so now I have no protection should anything go wrong.  Would question who's protection this policy is for because as a customer it does not seem to be mine.  Having had fraud on an account before I recognise the need to be aware but to have no facility to phone and authorise the payments first is absolutely crazy and extremely stressful            
                We changed our joint account from Barclays to Santander about 2 years ago. It's not a tall order to improve on Barclays but it has been much better than we anticipated.  First, the 7-days bank change worked perfectly. Second, the 1-2-3 rewards/interest really is as good as it sounds. Third, the online banking works really fast. Login takes just a few seconds. Oh, and their fraud detection seems pretty hot too. Their automated system called me a few weeks back to ask me to verify a payment of just over a pound at a shop overseas. It was a cloned card and my replacement card arrived in about 3 days.The thing that inspired me to write a review was the idea of balance: I have written a few one-star reviews lately (not for any banks) and I racked my brain to think of a company that has served us really well.            
                Have internet and telephone banking.  I'm all for additional security and because it didn't recognise my new IP there were additional questions before the usual pass codes.  Simple questions like "what is your fathers middle name" "what was your first school called", except the system insists you're wrong so a phone call has to follow to Customer Service.  There is no Customer Service, the wait time is unacceptable and the telephone banking security passcodes are not worth the paper they were printed on because they proceed to ask a chain of questions you cant answer because they have never sent a statement.  We changed our address last year, we had to visit a branch to do it, but we've never had the change acknowledged.  We're closing the account.            
                The reason for my call to santander was to get an accurate balance for my investment account and transfer the money to my current account. I had already attempted to find this information online but unable to transfer the money. After two calls to santander, I finally get through only to be informed my details are incorrect and have been immediately inactive. After stressing the point, I have been using these details for 6 years (without any issues) and need to transfer money for a mortgage deposit. I was informed by the advisor that new details were sent out, however after asking when these were sent no date was given - my request for a balance check, nevermind the transfer was denied by the advisor. (I'm so glad I was logged into my online banking as I was able to transfer my balance to a new bank)            
                I opened a student account.  I received my card fine no hassle. Therefore not like my address was the issue.  However two years down the line, I still have no pin... Was extremely inconvenient and now only use it online as gave up using it for normal things as impossible with no pin.            
                I have recently used their consumer finance service in order to buy me car where I put a lot of money as a deposit. I paid all on time as promised and agreed. I even made a huge payment a month before in order to pay most and pay less interest.Today when I called they had technical issues and so I had to call them again, the person I was speaking with Laura in their consumer department in redhill was terribly rude - I told her I wanted to pay the whole amount and gave my card details (1st 4 digits) but because she was still rude, I asked her if she could forward my call to her manager, she hanged up on my facethen I requested a callback from the manager and Mr. Ryan Bryant handled the call, when I called him Mr. Bryan he said please do not call me Mr. which I did not repeatHe was terribly rude and he was interrupting me and taking the side of his colleague, I will get my solicitors look into it for all the hassle and stress but one thing is guaranteed that I paid over all the amount on time and never had a problem with any other customer support advisors but only these 2 individuals.I am going to take this to the very next level and will not leave it unless they do not learn a lesson!            
                I had been with Abbey National for about 25 years. When Santander took over it was not nice. I was out of work on job seekers so didn't have much money in my account. Then just over £800 appeared in my account. Being an honest person I went to Santander and told them that I did not know where this money came from. They checked into it. Stopped my ATM card, So I had to go into a Branch with ID every time i wanted to withdraw money. But I didn't need ID if I was putting money in. Eventually  they found out that the money in my account was some sort of scam in Poland and the money ended up in my account. I had know Idea how. Santander told me to take out my money and leave the money that I told them about and close my account. So I said great thinking this was all over now as it was stressing me out. I then said can I open another account and you deal with the money that isn't mine. They said no. Leave the bank. The staff in the branch where really shocked as this had gone on for about 6 months and I had been totally honest.  I didn't have to tell them about the money I could of used it as my own. So basically I was treated as a criminal. I was really upset as I had been a loyal customer with them for about 25 years. One of the staff members in the Branch helped me out and spoke to his friend at Lloyds Bank. Told him my situation and he said send her over and we will open an account for her with no prejudice.            
                Having banked with the Alliance&Leicester for years, and then it being taken over by Santander automatically some years ago bank charges kept rising. It once cost me £5 to go into my overdraft and is now £20.This works out for using my overdraft (usually not the full £200) at over 1,200% I nave decided to close the account and clear all present monies due in cash at the local branch. My on-line account said ''no current charges were due to be applied to your account'' as it was only taken two days ago on a Saturday, which was the usual £20. It came as a surprise that the interest was calculated from the month before according to the customer service person in the branch, who then said that there will be another £20? required to be able to close this account. I then had to obtain even more money to then close it. Having banked with them for years I have got to say how relived I am at closing this account. I am keeping all of my relevant info for a hopeful law change in the future (just like PPI) to be able to re claim these excessive charges back one day. I would think twice about using the Santander as your bank in the future especially as the interest charged is worst than an infamous loan company that sent out false bailiff letters to people to terrorise them to pay.            
                I've been a Santander (Abbey National) customer for years and have always received great service in branch. Over the past 10 years or so my banking is mostly done online where the website is easy to navigate, although i still occasionally go in my local branches where the service is great..Now with the 123 accounts it beats all others hands down, you can't go wrong.            
                This post is mainly about Santander UK, but it's also about the London Perfume Company. As I need to explain something of what happened with LPC so that you will understand my complaint about Santander. Recently I bought some Creed perfume from the London Perfume Company as it was a bargain price (not much over £100). I tried to use my Nationwide and American Express credit Cards to process the transaction, but mysteriously neither worked, however my Santander credit card did work and the transaction went through. I really wish it hadn't! The perfume when it arrived was in a box that was plainly not in mint condition and bent on one side. With trepidation I tested the perfume which did not smell beautiful like the genuine article (with which I am familiar) and left behind an unpleasant bleach aroma. It had either been kept in a poor environment or was fake. I had some correspondence with the LPC who wanted the perfume returned. There was no initial assurance that I would get an unconditional refund with the return which perturbed me, it was like, well if we agree there is nothing wrong with it we will give you a refund. After applying some pressure, LPC appeared to agree to make the refund upon receipt of the product, but still, I was wary. It's just a small company I discovered from an online search, with a lot more debts than assets. As well as the risk that I would not in fact get a refund, I would have given up my only evidence that the product was defective. I explained this in email to LPC and told them I was going to refer the dispute to Santander. I sent photos of the perfume and box plus my detailed reasons for saying the product was faulty/fake to Santander's Section 75 Team. It all took a few weeks and not a little pressure just to get a NO from them, on the ground that I had not returned the product to the Seller and that somehow this meant there had not been a breach of contract. As a last resort, I emailed the Complaints Team. The Santander Executive Office then wanted to speak to me on the phone. Their staff member reiterated the same rigmarole as the letter from the Section 75 Team, so it was another NO. During the conversation, I explained that I did not have to pursue the Seller, as under S75, the credit card provider is jointly and severally liable for my losses. I confirmed I would be pursuing Santander and not the Seller, so the fact that I had not returned the product to the Seller was irrelevant. At the same time I offered to allow Santander to test the product (by comparing it with the genuine good quality perfume). The Executive Office staff member was not interested in taking up that opportunity. He simply announced he would write a letter confirming that Santander would not accept my losses. I replied that I would be taking Santander to the Small Claims Court. It's not a huge sum, but it's a matter of principle. It is wrong that Santander can simply dismiss a customer's claim for a faulty product out of hand and without any proper investigation. And it is also surprising as you would not expect a big company like Santander to wish to upset a customer in this way over what to that company is rather a trifling sum. In fact, it's not just surprising, it's scary. And I do wonder how many times they have done this to their other customers.            
                I made an international payment 5 weeks ago, but the money was never sent to the beneficiary account. (By the way, this is the second time it happened to me). After I complained, Santander told me they would bring the money back to my account then. However, they have not do so. I am still waiting and they keep telling me that they are investigating where the money is. Moreover, they refuse to provide a date when I will have my money. Worst service I have had.            
                Opened an account to deposit the proceeds from the sale of my mother in laws property. Needed my wife to have access via power of attorney as her mother is 97 years old and in care. Whole process took over 4 MONTHS to set up. Then when we deposited £20k into it to start using it, our access was revoked when we set up the first Standing Order. Contacting the support people was a lengthy nightmare. Reason apparently is setting up a STO was regarded as 'suspicious'. Why ????? Whole experience deeply unsatisfactory. If we'd known at the outset what was in store, we wouldn't have bothered.            
                If you can, avoid Santander at all costs! My fiancé has had an account with them since he was 15 because his father recommended them. He is not 20 years old and we are planning to switch to a regional bank. Why? First of all, when he got an account he requested online banking, five years, one engagement and a child later, we finally have it set up. Over the past two months this bank has been screwing us like you wouldn't believe. First my fiancé forgot his pin for the atm card and he got locked out. He sent for a new pin and it took us two months to get it. Meanwhile we have been writing checks (bad idea. Don't even mess with their checking) at first it was all good, but just recently our checks weren't clearing until the following week and we ended up getting over drawn. We have over draft protection but get charged a $35 fee for every check that over draws. These fees were always waived when the money was put in within 6 days. It has been 3 days and my fiancé just got paid. Somehow our account is at -$124 because of their backwards policy. Last week we were over -$200 out of a $450 paycheck. This bank is terrible, incompetent and completely lost. AVOID THEM!            
                very poor online service can not log into online banking have been trying to sort it out on numerous occasions so far no luck........................            
                i have just lost all my money in my account,this has happened before.I am just not impressed!            
                I took out a Santander loan in April and have made a few overpayments which are perfectly acceptable. However I've been checking my balance and it appears one payment hasn't hit my account. So I called them today and was on the phone for 25 minutes literally going round in circles!! Bearing in mind that I've cleared security they should, you would think, have all my account details in front of them, but I never really got a straight answer about my own account. The operator said she couldn't see the breakdown of my payments and that they would send me a statement of it so it was clear for me?!!! NO, I want to know where my money is!!! ABSOLUTE JOKE!! So I've been advised its a glitch, never seen this before and I'll get a letter in 7-10 days, VERY WORRYING that a bank leaves a conversation with a customer in such a way!!            
                Seriously think again if you are thinking of switching to Santander.  Luckily I didn't use their switching service for our new business account, if I had our employees wouldn't have been paid for the last two weeks as we are unable to access any of the money we have transferred in.  I will admit that this was my fault for ticking the wrong box on the account form but trying to get this rectified had been an uphill battle for which I have already made a complaint. I will at the earliest opportunity to transferring the money back to our lloyds account and also be closing the 123 account I also opened.            
                My late parents in law held the deeds to their house originally with abbey national (now Santander) in a deeds safe service, I telephoned Santander in January to say the houses was being sold & the advisor told me the deeds would be posted, no letter needed as I passed the security questions. Well, the house was sold in April & despite calls to them from my Husband & letters from our soliciter, still no deeds! And to top that they have'nt redeemed the £0.01 left on old mortgage ( apparently part of the deed safe scheme) which means the new owners can't register the property with land registry until this has happened, even though they legally own it. So am forced to send complaint to ombudsman this week, unless a miracle happens.            
                Totally the worst customer service  I have ever experienced. Been told I need to go into branch with ID with no explanation as to why. Online banking locked out even when I am 100% sure I entered the correct details...I have been using for the pat 4 years on a regular basis. How is it even likely to incorrectly enter the wrong details 3 times!Customer service reps are mostly incompetent and will not let you speak to a senior. Put you on hold for ages and just provide zero service.Another customer you have lost Santander!            
                Over the past few years there has been a significant increase in santanders service and now on many trusted sites such as money supermarket they are rated as one of the best banks for service and overall accounts.In response to some of the comments below;- They now have a small buffer where you won't be charged for going overdrawn. Also if it's a one off I'm sure iv heard them referring people to the phone to be able to refund charges. - Yes the security is tight however isn't that what we all want from our banks. I would much rather someone block a payment and check it was definitely me incase it does turn out to be fraudulent!, especially if it's a large amount or unusual!- When you call up they're going to have specific questions to ask you to prove your identity they're not going to let you choose the questions or even tell you what was wrong incase it is a fraudster and they find out the correct answer and call back!- They cannot send out online banking details via email for security purposes or keep on re-setting your details, there is a limit on the number of attempts made just like there is on a PIN number, once again to protect our money and identity!- As for telephone numbers it's a problem for everyone paying premium number and I have been assured Santander are in the process of releasing new free phone numbers! - Santander have many branches all over and every time I have been in there they have all been very polite and helpful. All of the other banks in the high street have hardly any visable staff, barely anything to repay loyalty and are less than interested!- Since opening my 123 account and cash back credit card 2 years ago I have earned over £1300 as I too use it for savings and utilities  This is more than I had in the 40 years I banked with Barclays!!!!!- Excellent staff, branches, accounts & benefits and something for the whole family! I strongly recommend if you are looking to bank with Santander do not read the negative reviews on this website but read the paper articles, money supermarket service scores ( Santander 80% satisfied, nationwide 69%, Halifax 60% Lloyd 47%, Hsbc 40%, natwest 38% and Barclays I didn't even see!!! visit the branch and see for yourself! I love the account and wouldn't want to bank anywhere else!!            
                I've been recently on a trip to the states and when I tried using my card  the last day to get a cab to the airport, the card was declined. I tried to withdraw money from an ATM and the card was declined again. Luckily enough, I had pounds that I could exchange and pay the taxi!All of this because Santander detected transactions in another country and without any notice blocked the card!!!!! This was supposedly for my security but ironically leads me to an insecure situation...what would have happened if I did not have any cash with me?  When I called them now they told me that I needed to call them before I travel!!!??? Ok mum, sure...            
                Going against the grain my experience of switching to Santander has been hassle free! I decided to switch to Santander with the draw of the interest rates given on the 123 Current account. I decided to do the switch in branch rather than online as I had numerous questions I wanted to ask before I made the final decision. Went into Accrington branch where all the staff were extremely friendly and very helpful, honestly answering every question I put to them. The switch went according to plan (within 7 working days) with all correspondence relating to this arriving within the advised target dates. On receiving my Online log in number and temporary password etc. I registered for online banking immediately with ease as I had previously looked at the Santander online banking demo to give me a taste of what to expect. I also changed all my details online re  log in number, password etc all very easily. Every transaction I have undertaken online has been done without a hitch.  I have also decided on the 123 MasterCard and once again, no hitches. As an exercise I immediately transferred money from my current account to my credit card account to pay the one off £24 annual fee for the card. Once again this transaction went through and with ease.So far I have been extremely pleased with the switch and the ease of use of online banking, also the friendly, courteous and helpful staff, in particular Aden at the Accrington branch. So far so good! 😊            
                I switched over eighty thousand to their 123 Account recently and have now experienced a week of utter misery attempting to access my money and making payments online. So far I've spent over two hours on the phone talking to their near useless customer service and security robots and believe it or not my debit card is still blocked. I wish I'd never switched, will shortly be switching again and strongly recommend everybody to avoid this rotten company.Bill Foston            
                Maybe I've been lucky, but my dealings with Santander over the past four years as a trustee on my daughters savings account could not have been better.Today, my elderly father and I opened a joint account at Santander and it was a faultless experience that has given us both piece of mind.            
                I opened a Santander 1-2-3 current account solely because of the 3% interest rate but I'm already contemplating closing it due to the awful, dreadful, terrible, diabolical customer service.I've been with the Halifax for a long time and, although I've experienced a few minor issues, have had less trouble in thirty years than in thirty days with Santander.AVOID.            
                I am a santander buisness customer, I paid in some cheques at the atm and then a couple of days later wrote a cheque out which santandar  bounced presumably as the cheques I paid in had not yet cleared and I was charged  a £32 cheque bounce fee despite having uncleared funds in my account, so I rang up and asked for the complaints department , after answering some simple questions such as name , date of birth , last transaction I was told I could not speak to complaints as I had failed the security questions ??????????  when I asked which question I had failed I was told they were not allowed to say and I would have to ring back again on an 0845 premium number again at my expense and re answer the questions , so I rang back again at my expense and told the ignorant advisor I wanted to close my account and go somewhere else , again I was told I had failed the security checks , now I may be 50 years of age but I have NOT forgot my name or date of birth , what a bunch of morons these guys are so now I have a bank account I dont want , cant speak to any one , cant close , this is the WORST bank I have ever come across in my life.            
                Well where do I start....firstly to even open the 123 account they require reems of paperwork for ID purposes. Further paperwork was then requested to verify myself and partner (even though we have a mortgage with them currently...why can't they verify us from that!!!!).To save he hassle then went to branch to open the account, the woman said it would be no problem opening the account. Cut a long story short, were told we could not open the account due to our forms of ID. Eventually got around this and account was opened. Then the problems started...Letters received for Internet banking. Went online to register using temp passwords and security number provided. Asked to then change to a password and security number I wanted, then got blocked out and told to call Santander on 0845 number!!!!!!!!!! They could not rectify and stated they needed to send out a whole new set of temp passwords. BUT they would not do this on the phone and had to go to branch to request!!!!!! PATHETIC! Advisor was rude and basically should not have been in the role she's in. I explained that instructions are not clear and new passwords aren't going to make a difference as will have the same issues again trying to register! Just told to go to branch. Waiting at present to receive my temp passwords, called phone banking to transfer some funds from the 123 account into a TSB account of mine seeing as though I am unable to access my 123 account online. Told no as to do this I would require the same passwords as Internet banking. Again told to go to branch to transfer my own god damn money! Again 0845 number. Ridiculous! SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE AND DO NOT OPEN AN ACCOUNT WITH THIS COMPANY. POOR IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT! CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST I'VE COME ACCROSS!            
                I have had so many problems with this bank It has drove me up the wallI entered incorrect details only 3 times on the app and it get looked out so I call the contact centre and there telling me they have to send security details out again which takes up to 10 days so I wait and it arrives 1 and a half weeks later so in this time I can't make any transfers or check balances using the app or internet then I have to wait 2 days for next 2 of 2 letter as there sent separately this isn't acceptable with most banks it can be reset online.Then I make a big purchase for a phone and they block it and are trying to make me go into the branch with ID as they have blocked my account because of failed security when I give them my account number and sort codeAll of these problems have happened within a year of the account so very disappointed so closing account in a few days and with move to another bankPlease do not join Santander you will regret it trust me.            
                To make a very long story short  - due to Santander's inability to put my correct date of birth on my account I've been unable to access my account because I forgot my passwordI've been into a not so local branch twice - I live 12 miles away, so an total of nearly 50 miles to give proof of my date of birth , because on the first visit they din't actually update it..plus 2 phone calls totalling 40 minutesThey are useless.... I'm closing my account and transferring my money to First Direct who are great to deal with            
                Tried to open a 1-2-3 current account, the paperwork required to validate your identify a joke,applied online / ID required, fair enough, thou on the electoral role and they did a credit check - I took documents to my local Santander branch - Polling card, council tax bill, Passport, Notice of coding - all signed and dated as valid documents / proofed by their branch manager and posted to their Bradford centre in their own internal post - couldn't believe it rejected ! , wanted clearer copies ! - their manager validated it and photocopied it, total muppets who waste your time, don't bother            
                Hi everyone, I wanted to share my experience of with this bank and how they have been robbing me blind. Daylight robbery with this banks credit card. I took out a credit card with them then when it came to making my first payment I tried numerous times online they would not let me set up a direct debit from my account, or allow me to set up a payment from the credit card account. After numerous trying I called them and was passed around to 3 different departments of incompetence. Apparently at Santander you can only make a payment on your credit card on the phone from your Santander current account? Where is the logic in that why shouldn't I be able to pay off my Off my credit card from money I hold in any other account. After this I had to leave work early and physically go into a branch to be told that I would have to take the money our of my account if i wanted to pay. Which i did, they then sent me my next bill after the payment due date and have since been charging me late fees i am now on MY THIRD. Wow Santander you have come a long way with your technology and customer service please let me know when you discover the wheel or sliced bread and manners. Your staff in the barking branch are by far the rudest ppl I have come across they all act like they own the world.I have since been paying late charges as this is the way to ale money right? It's absolutely crooked of you and I've complained twice but ad no repo se from you at all. Honestly times are tough enough clearly not for you but he rest of the uk is ,Irving in austerity but I take comfort in karma I hope I get front row seats.... No doubt tax payers lie myself will have to bail you out. Anybody ho sees this massage please pass it on on any platform you can I'd really appreciate it.            
                First of all went into their branch to set up my online banking and change my address. The idiot man puts the wrong address in, then been waiting for 4 weeks for my details for online banking to come it doesn't so when i go in the branch again to sort this issue another employee tells me the address is wrong. So had to order it again, told me it would take 7-10 days. Come to after 20 days it arrives. Had the online banking for a week then when i try login it tells me i need to ring up. So ring them up and they tell me gotta send out new details again for online banking. Its been such a hassle i dont understand all this hassle for one little thing! Not happy            
                I have banked with santander since 2004 but since they introduced this telephone banking ID, they have been very difficult. so far i have been give 10 of this ID because each time i call and give them this number they will tell me that seem the wrong digits have been entered and as such the ID has been cancelled. I can never make transfer over the phone; then they will say i have to go to the nearest branch even though i tell them by the time i finish work they will be closed. Other banks will take you through security if you do not have the online banking details but santander are so rigid and rude. Today even though it was their fault in putting the wrong digits in the woman did not even apologise but just told me i can not help you, and added call us back in four days time when you get the new ID i have ordered for you. I hate this bank, i cannot wait to move my savings, current account and cancel their credit card and move to halifax instead where customer service is great. Santander is the WORST BANK ever i wish it was possible not to give them any star at all because they do not deserve any star.            
                8 months ago myself and my partner opened a 123 account, 8 months later I still cannot access my online banking and the service I've received so far has been terrible! I've had 6 letters with my so called security number and password that never work and lock me out. I have called each time to get the problem resolved only to be told they will send yet another letter, no matter how often I explain that letters dont work and you need to manually unlock my account I have had no visual on what's going out and coming in, I simply get told go to a cash machine or call us if you require information on youir account. If santander wish to re-emburse me  for the charges oon my mobile or perhaps install a cash point near my home please do! I will no longer be banking with santander, the service I have received is perhaps the worst, I cannot belive that something so simple has caused me so much stress, possibly the worst bank I have ever been with!            
                I will probably be going against the grain on this website because I see mostly extreme negativity for Santander here. My experience: Wife and I both have Santander Select 123 bank accounts and credit cards for more than 4 years now. Never looked back from a switch from HSBC (after being a customer for more than 10 years - products uncompetitive). I find the 123 product extremely smart and no other product in the market comes close. To be fair, I bank mostly online and generally, I have a disciplined way of managing passwords, so have not used customer support extensively over the phone. The branch Select managers assigned to me are friendly and helpful; not quite private banking standards though. Overall, I would say I am highly satisfied with the above accounts. Whether or not, I expand my relationship with Santander for other products (mortgages, ISAs, fixed deposits, etc.) would depend on whether they can be as "market leading" as they are with the products mentioned.            
                The only reason I'm with these guys is for the free student railcard. Everything else is really bad. Terrible customer service over the phone, overcomplicated online banking that I've given up with because it's too painful to reset it (they want me to go into the branch with my passport, just to reset some passwords!!). And it took me about two months to get my account set up in the first place because I did it online, I actually had to go into the branch to sort it out in the end. All in all: steer well clear.            
                Please..please..please. avoid like the plague. Do not deal with these bunch of morons. Their support line gave me incorrect details about the credit card. When i pointed to their website and said what he was saying is incorrect, he started making things up.I asked to speak to a supervisor, the supervisor said "the website is wrong"..huh?? You what. After a huge argument, which had me hit the roof and didn't do any favours to the stress levels, she finally asked me the website address, looked it up and agreed with me. Have had huge problems withdrawing cash while abroad, even through I have informed them that I am abroad. Had to phone the support line continuously, but most of the staff (apart from one or two) haven't got a clue. Be prepared to be on the phone for at least 20-30 minutes.if you value your sanity avoid at all costs. Another proud santander customer here has titled his review "Oh dear". That's a good way to sum up.            
                Santander are utter b******s!I got into financial difficulties due to redundancy and wrote to Santander four times, all send registered mail, and got no replies to my cries for help.They then proceeded to call me up to four times a day, including Sundays, questioning why I was in arrears with my payments. I kept referring them to the letters I had sent, all to named people, and they simply denied all knowledge of them.I took my case to the Financial Ombudsman who uphelp my complaint - on appeal.Their mortgages are the most expensive on the market so do yourself a favour and GO SSOMEWHERE ELSE!            
                Do not, under any circumstances, bank with this lot especially if you run a business. Access to accounts are denied for no reason at all and their customer services are like dealing with the council department of your worst nightmares.            
                It has been a month of chasing to get information out of these guys and still no help...really bad customer service DO NOT BANK WITH THESE PEOPLE            
                Do not open an account with this bank. It's not worth the hassle. I say this as an account holder for over 25 years. They're customer service is a disgrace not worth ageing prematurely over.            
                These guys are a complete joke - the systems do not work, the customer service is appalling and you cannot even deposit cash over the counter. Their suggestion was that I should go to another bank to deposit the cash and then transfer electronically into Santander. Unable to set up standing orders through online banking without the system crashing every time. ABSOLUTE JOKE - SAVE YOURSELF TIME MONEY AND HASSLE, Bank with a real bank like HSBC, Barclays or Lloyds.            
                I think santander are the worst bank ever and can not wait to close my account  there over draft fees are ridiculouse and you need a second job to pay that i wouldnt recommend them to anyone            
                Having been seduced by the123 account benefits I decided to open two accounts with Santander - good job I didn't switch my main account. I received a letter asking for the specified identification documentation that  had been requested - there were no details about what was requested! Having recently opened an ISA I am aware of the very stringent requirements that other financial institutions have in this area. I was also asked to fill in a change of account details form - but I hadn't got an account! And of course the letter that I received by email had a 'do not reply' footer so I was unable to clarify the position without going into a branch which somewhat defeats the idea of online banking. To be fair the letter suggested that I consult the FAQ on the Santander website - this was no help at all - a very unwieldy website to boot. This is my second attempt at doing business with Santander  both of which have been very frustrating. I feel I have had a lucky escape this time and would rather forego the supposed benefits of the 123 account in the interests of keeping my sanity!            
                they have withdrawn the mortgage offer for unknown reason..they will never tell you why. i could lose 20k if don't get another offer from another lender in time. avoid dealing with this bank.            
                Very similar experience to some of those below. I just switched from another bank to their 123 account and now I regret it. I wait one week to get my 2 online banking details and when I finally get them and follow the instructions, I get locked out. When I call customer service the person was so rude and literally shouted at me to verify details. My switch just happened today and she keeps saying what was credited in the account in the last 10 days and not being helpful. It feels like they read from a script without listening to the person calling.Appalling. Now I need to wait another 7 days till I can log in.            
                tried to login to web site, details rejected, rang helpdesk, and they told me details were wrong even though I had used same details for past 4months!!! how have my logon info changed!!!"!! security is wrong, so paid off credit card, and gone to uk provider.customer service like a robot, could only give postal option, so 18th century for rest and would take 7 days. also they would not aglow me to close my account from a different bank. On the phone. well good riddance, will never use Santander again for anything            
                You need an ID number  a password number and a security Number ?Fair enough I may have got one number wrong and had to call the so called help line.So they tell me they cant help me they have to send me another security number.I then ask can i use the new security number with the password and id again ? Yes they say , so i try to log on again and its not excepted.?I call the helpline, they say ive put in the wrong password I say definitely not i double and treble checked.They say you've put in the wrong password, I say no way i can give youany number you ask for.They say No you've got to be sent a new password and they all have to be sent by post.This could go on forever with no genuine help from the help line just the Robot like "we have to send you another password".Well its been spoiling my mood in the last few weeks so on my next and last attempt im not messing about and being treated like an idiot.I shall close all my accounts            
                Ive just discovered these turds have closed my business account without so much as a phone call. My credit is good, the account is in credit. You could have just ruined my business I spent 7 years building up.What ever you do do not join this bank            
                I am moving my account as soon as possible from santander as their service is awful as is there website. I will be going to barclays and would advise other to do so            
                I tried to open a new account with Santander, as a secondary account, having already a first account with another bank. I went to Santander Bank Stratford branch, London. They said to me to switch my old account, wich I have with another bank, otherwise they will not open a new account for me. Not to mention I have a good credit score , but they not even bothered to check or to do something. Sounds very rude to me, it is like : or you switch your account to Santander or ....get lost.            
                I phoned up to pay a debt and apparently I failed security, who the hell apart from myself will be phoning up to pay my debt apart from me, I have literally had nothing but grief with santander from the moment I opened up an account with them, all I wanted to know was who the debt had been passed onto so I could pay it, literally the worst bank ever. They obviously don't want their money then so they can stick it where the sun don't shine. I would avoid like the plague, they make life difficult, no form of banking with this company runs smoothly, so glad I am not with them anymore. I give the zero start rating as they never seem to help and make everything so complicated, people don't need that in their lives,            
                I was looking to shift money from one card to another they couldnt do it all waste of time and a footprint on my credit score not happy with service.            
                I was in the branch asking the money manager if I could register for e online banking. His response was no but when I went home and rung up their call centres they said I could sign up for it. STUPID LIE THAT. And then my account has really bad security, my account could be used a lot of times and I wouldn't have been alerted about it. Plus it's stupid that when u get your login details incorrect 3 times you have to wait about a week to get new ones.Really bad bank do not go with them.I was angry that I shut my account down and switched to Lloyds Bank.Never ever planning to go with Santander again.            
                Want unnecessary stress and dire customer service in your life?  Do business with Santander. I'm selling my house and my buyer has been royally shafted by Santander. We should have completed end Dec / beg Jan. It's now well into Feb.  For weeks Santander kept asking my buyer's solicitor for information which they kept getting back. Bear in mind they had already agreed the mortgage in principle and had the survey back.  Eventually Santander bounced everything back to the buyer's solicitor saying they're not happy.  When the solicitor asked what it is was they weren't happy with Santander said  - and I quote - "we don't know!" Then incommunicado. The buyer complained to complaints dept.  Useless.  Empty promises of when they were going to get back to her. She managed to get hold of the personal email address of the CEO. That expedited things by about a day, then same incommunicado behaviour.  I was always of the mind that Santander needed publicly and repeatedly embarassing on social media and referring to the FSO - both of which I would have done long long ago. So having paid her solicitor and valuer, and having now increased the asking price since I was about to rent it out (she offered, I didn't ask for an increase), my buyer is back to getting a mortgage in principle and new survey from HSBC having ditched Santander. Back to square one at a personal costs of thousands.  She is planning to take it up with the FSO .    I'm dreading dealing with my dad's accounts as he gets older and dealing with his affairs more and more. One of his accounts is with Santander.I will tell everyone about the experience with Santander. Avoid, avoid, avoid!!            
                If you like your bank to have very limited branches and you love the long travelling journeys to visit your local branch, I would highly recommend Santander.  Their philosophy is by being the smaller bank and less members - they are able to dedicate more time to their customers and make the experience real personal.  They have been so welcoming by encourage me meet them that they went the extra mile by delaying the process of setting me up on their on-line banking just so we can greet each other face to face on a weekly basis.  I must admit I also enjoy calling their customer service - the music set up on the waiting line is sooo captivating that they managed to keep me waiting for 40 mins without me noticing.  Unfortunately my busy schedule interrupted me which forced me to eventually hang up.  My overall 3 weeks experience banking with Santander has been truly unique which I haven't experienced anywhere else.  I hope this review was helpful - I look forward seeing you all as I been invited to visit the branch regularly. I have rated this bank reflecting my feelings towards them.  My number one star!!!!            
                Joined Alliance and Leicester which were passable and sluggish but not too bad. Merge with Abbey and takeover by Santander a disaster. To say they are disorganised and don't really put their customers first is an understatement to put it politely.Centralised phoning system is unfair to customers who need to speak to someone in a branch. I have just been through this so called system, been told that my card number isn't recognised several times, spoken to someone in Glasgow twice, someone in Bradford, someone in Liverpool before eventually being able to speak to a person at my branch in Greater London!If there were minus stars then this would be -10            
                I applied to Santander for an account. I have a 6 figure salary, I have no debt (not even mortgage now :-), I pay off my credit card at end each month. So ..... I figured that my application for 123 account would be successful. But no - apparently due to credit scoring (which I know cannot be true) My view of this company is that they are a tad dishonest. Could be wrong ... but hey, nothing convincing me otherwise at the moment !            
                I took out the 123 credit card which promised 23 months 0% interest on purchases and 0% interest on balance transfers with no balance transfer fee. When the card arrived there was no mention of these promotional rates so I sent a secure message and I had a reply with the promotional rates of 23 months interest free purhcases/balance transfers/no fees as confirmed.I then made a balance transfer and was charged a £90 balance transfer fee. I contacted customer servies and this fee was removed. I then sent a secure message asking why this fee was applied in the first instance. The message I received was to inform me that I do not have the promotional rates as confirmed the day before. The message went on to say i had a one month balance transfer with balance transfer fees.I then telephoned customer servies as I was very confused with the conflicting messages that I received. I asked him to tell me how long I had  a balance transfer rate for. He looked at his screen and told me it was only one month. I explained that the promotional rate was for 23 months and that I had this confirmed by a secure message. He went away and asked somebody else. He came back and said that on one screen it was showing i had 23 months promotional rate and on another screen I didn't have any promotional rate.I expressed my concern that now I had transferred a balance and I was worried that I would be charged interest. He told me that he couldn't do anything regarding the promotional rate and asked me to keep an eye on my statement to see if I am charged interest.This is not acceptable as my account should have been updated that the  promotional rate was indeed applied and I should not have to "keep an eye" on my statement and contact them again if I am charged interest. How will I know that this interest will be taken off in future if there has been such conflicting problems now!            
                I was with Santander since I was really young back when they were Abby. When they changed to Santander and I got my first job, all the problems started. To begin with, if you go overdrawn even if its by a fiver, they will charge you £6.00 a day. I went on holiday for 6 weeks and my account went overdrawn as I wasn't using it but a DD went through which they honoured, and for the entire 6 weeks they charged me £6.00 a day even though I went overdrawn by a couple quid!! Whats worse, they didn't even bother to alert me that my account was in arrears they just decided to keep charging me! What they will bother to do though is send you a lovely letter at the end of the year telling you that they have taken £800 pounds from you over the year in charges :) Thanks Santander. But it gets worse... when I upgraded my account to a student account the woman made a mistake on the system and said I was a 3rd year rather than a first. I was having issues with my student loan and needed an overdraft ASAP but they kept rejecting it because this lady couldn't tell the difference between a number 3 and a number 1. (They're not even next to each other on the keyboard). It took around a month for me to get them to fix it. I went to three different branches and they were all useless apart from one young man in the Moorgate branch who solved the issue. the branch I was going to before the manager would tell me she would contact me but never did. Whenever I came in I would be made to wait at least 30 minutes to be seen and then fobbed off saying they hadn't solved it yet. When the man in Moorgate called the other branch they simply said they solved it.... just decided they didn't want to contact me. I finally got my overdraft. Much to my dismay the issue was not solved because when i finished my first year they decided to upgrade my account to a graduate account and give me a 2k overdraft limit.. even though I was still a student. Now this was the big issue. I went into my local branch with evidence of my attendance at university. They would send it into head office and I would get a response saying I had insufficient evidence. Meanwhile, I was getting letters from debt collectors asking me why I wasn't paying money into my account regularly and utilising my overdraft (because I'm a student not a graduate, duh.) They started to ruin my credit and for the entirety of my second year they never solved anything even though I sent many letters, complaints and even went into the branch every week. Eventually I got a job at Metro bank and was required to open an account with them but after 2 months of using Metro as my main account I decided to pay off the overdraft and close my account with Santander completely by doing a switch. Best decision of my life was leaving Santander. They are the worst bank ever I don't know why they're allowed to even deal with people's money. They caused me way too much stress and took way too much of my money. Never. Ever. Again.            
                I wrote to these rogues and thieves on 17 January, threatening them with the Ombudsman unless I heard from them ten days from the date of my letter - i.e. 27 January. This was after two other letters which had been ignored, and correspondence staring in October Not a word from them. No replies to anything. No apology of any kind - that is just too much to hope for. I asked for the balance of my Santander account to be transferred to another business account I have, more than a month ago. Lo and Behold! On the very day when they had to do it, or I would bring the Ombudsman in, they transferred the money. In that way they have not responded to any of my letters, and held on to my money until the last possible moment. I wish there were words stronger than "unethical" and "dishonest". Please, someone, invent them, and we can then use them to describe the Santander bank. In 67 years on this earth and 20 years in business I have never dealt with a more disgraceful and cynical bunch of spivs. Read the other TrustPilot reviews. I would not trust Santander with one penny.            
                I recently moved to another country and I asked for my money to be transferred to my account in this country. For soooooooo long they've been asking me to send them faxes, emails, I've called them countless times and they put me on hold for ages, my phone bill has ripped my family. Today I just called to ask them about the email with my passport, ID and debit card that I sent them, their problem is that my ID is not British and that my passport has expired. Well what do you want me to do? Pay a bunch of money for a new passport and a British ID? No! I already gave you EVERY information they've asked and they're still refusing to allow me to transfer my money to my other account, all they do is keep putting me on hold for 20 minutes each person and ask for more and more information THAT I HAVE ALREADY SENT THEM WITH LOADS OF EFFORT AND STRUGGLE.            
                I have had  an account with Abbey/Santander for over 40 years. I have just accidently gone overdrawn by £25.14 for 6 days and have incurred fees of £36.00. When I complained I was told that the complaint would be logged but that I would not get a response as there was nothing anybody could do. When I said that I would close my accounts along with those of my family I was told that I would need to go into a branch to do so.Customer service were very rude and very unhelpful.Avoid at all costs, no pun intended.            
                Santander has now been holding on to £5000 I transferred to my bank account with them from my bank account in India. This is the third time this problem has happened. The last two times, the money appeared in my account only 4 weeks later, after much chasing up. This time they have been holding on to my money for 2 weeks and they have not yet credited my account. I have been following up with my bank in India, and I have received confirmation that Santander has received the money 2 weeks ago but has not yet credited this to my account. It is impossible to get in touch with them and the only response I have received so far has been via their secure messaging service, where I received a polite though fundamentally useless response with general details about money transfers and no information about where my money is. I replied to this and asked for more information and have since been ignored. I have had several bank accounts in the UK and in India, and Santander has so far been my worst banking experience. I cannot believe their ethics or the fact that one is even allowed to run a bank this way. Their uncalled for delays have cost me a lot of unnecessary trouble and has even left me stranded in the UK without any money as an International student. Furthermore, I have had several emergencies with their debit card suddenly not working in a foreign country in spite of how many times they reassure me that it should work.  I let this as well as their general apathy go, however now they are holding on to my money and refusing to respond with a reason.  Something needs to be done about this. I would urge any student setting up a new bank account to back away from Santander completely. They cannot be trusted.            
                Do not put your number or password in wrong ever!  They lock you out of your account whilst they send new details which take 4 days to arrive in the post!  Ridiculous that they cannot reset over the phone as you have to go through their phone security.  Extremely unhelpful and not customer focused at all!  No idea how to resolve a complaint they keep saying "it's something we will change in the future!"  Pathetic business account steer clear!!!            
                I have been refused a mortgage status change on the grounds of affordability yet I have over paid on my monthly payments and never missed a payment on the same mortgage, no logical explanation given no obvious reason given...The one thing they did point out was that if I do transfer my mortgage I have to pay a £11,300 penalty charge which is all very convenient for them.The complaints team have been weak and without any authority to influence the situation so I have now complained to the Financial Ombudsman ahead of legal action.            
                I am a long-standing customer of Santander with a mortgage and 2 x credit cards. They offered me a 0% balance transfer rate fixed until May 2016 - lovely :)Tried to transfer a balance (of a not small £6k) from another card onto my Santander 0% Credit Card - declined due to one differing initial on the other card (yes, just one differing initial) .... tried this twice ....and the same result......so I have missed out on a cracking deal ....and Santander have lost a good bit of business.I asked the customer service rep for an email address to write and explain how peeved I was  ....and was told, "they don't have one" ....I queried this, she checked  with somebody and confirmed this was the case ...no email address to contact ....are you kidding me??!So, in the meantime, will be writing a letter to Head Office ....and whilst I am at it, will cc in Which? Magazine to whom I subscribe ...Just the kind of story they love!I see that this review will be forwarded onto Santander ....so I hope they are listening ......Santander if you're interested the account ends 0260            
                Join Santander and if you go even £8 above your agreed overdraft you will be charged £65.00 along with the £20.00 overdraft charge totalling £85.00!!This is exactly when my faith in banks is completely gone. We bail them out and this is how they say thanks.Do something about this Cameron you lazy tw*t and revoke Santander its banking licence and deport them back to spain.  If there was an option for zero stars i would've gone with that but like everything in the UK nothing works the way it should.            
                Santander is by far the worst bank I've ever been with. I used ot be with Lloyds TSB (before they split) but was enticed over by a new deal by Santander. I went in and swapped accounts only to then be told I'm not actually eligible (even though they said I was) for the deal. At that point I should've left. From then on I've been lied to right to my face to make me change my account to receive new offers only to then be told afterwards that I'm not eligible. I've filed formal complaints and been replied to with "I'm sorry but there's nothing we can do about that"The customer service is awful.I've been locked out of my account because they thought some of my transactions were fraudulent when I was on holiday even though I went in and spoke to them about my holiday prior to ensure it didn't. After a VERY lengthy process they assured me there would be no problems in accessing my accounts and such with my holiday which was only another lie. I'm switching banks as quickly as possible and I would recommend that NO-ONE ever use this bank unless you like terrible service, being lied to and generally scammed away from money.            
                We were with Alliance and Leicester until they were bought out by Santander.I can't dignify what we have now using 'service' as an adjective, they are so awful they are beyond belief. It took me three and a half weeks to get into our business account when they 'locked me out', transferring money to another country is a nightmare (if they ever do it), and I spend so much time on the phone trying to sort things out I should invoice them with my hourly rate.Their overwhelming desire is to keep your money - there will be a thousand reasons why it needs to go to 'extra security', as it keeps your funds with them just that little bit longer.At the moment we are in Australia, so I have to wait until the middle of the night to speak to them, as, of course, their business banking is not 24 hours, neither is International, whom you can no longer speak to directly. So you hang on the phone for the business account, then they take your details and then the overseas payment details, then they put you through to International, who do it all over again. Then you have to wait for them to call you back as 'extra security' - why, don't they trust themselves to get the details right the first four times????. I have rung them 3 times this evening for one transfer and  - yes, you've guessed it, it needs 'extra security'. Refer back to the top of this missive.So I have to sit up until they deign to ring me back (if ever) and condescend to send MY money.Once we return from Australia every penny we have with Santander will be removed, and the credit/debit cards returned. We have put up with this terrible 'service' since they bought Alliance and Leicester out, as I worked on the assumption that all banks are as bad as each other, but I can't stand any more. Let alone pay bank charges every month.The sad thing is is that no-one gives a damn - you are just a faceless voice on the end of the phone, and it makes no difference to them whether you are a customer or not. No point in complaining - they are always vindicated by saying they 'follow their procedures' whether or not it is in the customers best interests or what the customer actually requests.I have no doubt whatsoever that there will be no 'follow up call' tonight ( it is now 12.16am my time), so tomorrow I will ask my 93 year old father-in-law to transfer the money to me here via his bank. How sad.            
                I have opened my business account as a sole trader, but my business picked up quite quickly so ive opened another one as a limited company and have told them there will be a lot of money coming in and out due to providing payroll as one of my services. As soon the first payment came in - they have blocked both of my accounts!!!! I managed to pay employees their wages but couldnt do mine. I have spend hours on the phone with them and had to prove (well, my customer had to prove) where the money are coming from!!! They acctually dare to hint that i am laundring money!!!!!! Ive sent all the evidence and told me to go to the branch. They have rang security department and they have told me that my customer rang in his bank and said the money shouldnt go to my account!!!! Liers!!!!!! My customer rang in twice to his bank and they have confirmed that there is nothing wrong with the payment and they even put a trace on it and they have confirmed that the money went to the right account. Not enough!!!! Then they said my customers bank has a problem with the payment which there was also not true. When i saw emails from the bank to the branch i went fuming!!!!! They put that i said i ran payroll and after that i have changed my statement!!!!!! I kept these emails just in case. And their customer service!!!!! Rude and arrogant people!!!! They told me that i can go to the branch and withdraw some miney towards my wages - and what???? They wouldnt let me!!!!! So since thursday ive got no money. I am a single parent with 6 years old daughter. Also, they said they can do it whenever they want to and they wont cover my unpaid direct debits fees on my personal bank account, which is empty because i cant access my wages!!!!! As soon that is sorted i am taking my money somewhere else. I am hoping that will be a warning for others and will help people to avoid the hassle and upset.            
                I was an Abbey customer for 26 years with no problems but after Santander took over it got beyond a joke. Almost every time i used my Debit Card they would put a security stop on the account until they had verified it was not a fraudulent transaction. Sometimes I got an automated call to confirm, often I did not so the first I knew was when I tried to use my card and it would not work. This happened every couple of weeks. Then I had a savings bond with them mature and the cashier in branch transferred the amount into my current account. I then spent a fairly large sum to buy something. Security stop again. This time I (no exaggeration) spent all day in the branch providing them with every ID document, receipts proof of where the money came from, what I had bought etc. The woman in branch was on the phone to HQ for hours and in the end they reluctantly re-enabled my account. No apology, their whole attitude was that I was in the wrong and they were doing me a favour re-enabling it.The irony is the savings bond money came out of one of their bonds and was done by one of their cashiers yet they still wanted reams of paper to prove it was my savings not money laundering.That day I walked out of Santander accross the road straight into Lloyds and havent looked back.            
                I'm for UK and i live in Greece now.A few weeks ago an A.T.M ate my card (For security reasons).First i called Santander and Sandander told me they would send a new card in 10 days.They claimed they would send me a letter on web banking.I then received a letter that Santander has refused to issue me a new card on the Ground Greece is a high Risk area .Apparently all UK residents that live in Greece will not be issued a new card ,due to high risk .I am a pensioner (67,almost 68)whose only resource to money is through my Santander card.Well apparently i cant do web banking cause i live in Greece,They don't accept telephone transfer more then once ???  So the first time was great fast and almost like it should be.Now the second time I had to send fax with all my info for another transfer to Greece .I was told that they would call me if there are any questions on my telegraphic transfer,they did not.I called them and they claimed they were reviewing my papers two days later in the morning ,and they would call me back .They have not called me back at all ,my money has not been transferred.It is my Money i need it .The third day when i called at five in the evening UK time they claimed the international branch employers had left since they finish at five.Today i called apparently the manager was away.Im still waiting till today for that legendary phone they will make if i need any more documentation so i provide it ,.Every day i call them spending a fortune on the telephone from Greece to tell me they will call me back.No avail.I was refunded 20 pound apparently on my account for all the phone calls i make ,well all i can say is ,why would  you give me 20 pound in my account if you don't believe i am who i claim to be ?I truly hope this will be over soon. I am stressed it is not easy being in another country without funds i need the money in case i have to return to UK.            
                im going to try and keep this simple and quick as running my own business I don't have any free time.- Opened current account (swicthed from nationwide) was told all direct debits etc would be sorted for me. They wernt!  More time waisted trying to speak to someone on the phone (good luck with that)- Card blocked more times in a month than ever in my life with previous banks.- Opened first business account (took over 3 weeks of chasing to get it sorted)- Desperately needed to open second bank account as business expanded rapidly. Taking in a considerable amount of money on a monthly basis I needed a bank account to pay staff, to sort out credit card payments, to purchase stock, to give info to mhy accoutant, to start a postal account with Royal Mail etc !! It's now been over a month after sitting in with my local bank manager who is now saying he knows nothing about business banking and I should have gone to the harpendon brance where there is a business manager ( thanks for that after wasting my precious time). I have been promised phone calls that have never happened, my emails have been ignored, my call back requests have been ignored , ive been lied to and belittled over the phone.I am not happy one bit and this has affected the build up of my new business im glad I've experienced Santanders incompetance now instead of later on when I have more ties with them. As a new young business owner just learning about business banking and my accounts I have found this extremely stressful and time wasting and I have been impacted in my business and necessary processes have been delayed because of them. But thanks Santander as now I know all the right questions and what NOT to do (take any BS from clueless people) when I take my business and money elsewhere.            
                very,very bad service on the phone,every time you call your asked to hold,and the call charges mount up,this seems to be a money making ploy.do yourself a favour and stay away from Santander,their customer service is non existant            
                It's ok when things work fine but when they mess something up then there is no customer service that can help, their complaints team is rubbish and their customer service manager is giving me the same answer. What's the point having a complaints team and a customer service manager when they are giving me the same answer as the average Joe there?            
                I have been a Santander customer in the past but switched to First Direct due to their excellent customer service and joining incentive.Fast-forward a few years and the promise of earning money back for direct debits seemed too good to turn down so I decided to make the switch.So far I've been quite happy - the switch went off without hitch and the amount I'm earning in cashback is great, the banking app is really good (it even carried my bank transfer details over from FD!!). I wish you could choose your card colour (red... Not as nice as my blakc FD card) but otherwise I have nothing to complain about and I'm hoping it stays that way.            
                From cancelling payments to my hosting company because they are American (and reinstating them again every month), to taking 6 months of daily phone calls to handle a chargeback - everything that can go wrong with my Santander account seems to happen.I don't spend a huge amount, but some nights I go big. This seems my debit card disabled on nights out about once a month, causing embarrassing and annoying declined transactions until I get my card re-enabled.Customer service department is very defensive, spend more time deflecting responsibility than solving problems.Never again.            
                Bank made an error in which my transfer was converted to the foreign currency I sent it abroad to.  This was bearing in mind I asked the staff making the transfer twice if they can ensure my money wasn't converted due to the low conversion rate, they assured me it wouldn't be converted...yet they did, when I noticed I went back into the branch and the staff said it was in terms and conditions and handed me a leaflet - even though they did not provide me this at the time and the staff misinformed me. Few months later after many phone calls, emails and visits to the branch I still have not resolved this problem and I am out of pocket - which Santander take no responsibility for. NEVER USE THIS BANK EVER AGAIN, WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!            
                Whatever you do DO NOT use this bank !Their customer services are appalling, and the MANAGER also admitted by the end of the call while I was asking for assistance, actually admitted there was nothing she could do for me today !I simply rang for assistance on online banking account transfer and payments and was declined assistance because I own only a mobile which is too costly for them too call back, and that I never had a landline for them to give me my "call back appointment".Will be closing my account with them and banking elsewhere as they are ACTUALLY unable to provide assistance in any form or shape if you only own a mobile device !            
                The staff who work for this bank are very unhelpful. Every time I have needed to call the bank they've overcoplicated things and dragged things out uneccessarily. They entice new customers with low rates then slowly increase them. I cant wait to go back to HSBC in January.            
                Unfortunately  I have become a santander customer by default as they took over both the banks I was with.  I have been very disappointed with them, I could make a very long list with problems but to be brief as possible, the online banking system is inferior to the previous bank which they took over, you would have thought they would have taken some positive features of that site and tried to incorporate it into their own system, instead I was transferred to santander online banking and overnight my banking became more difficult,  things like multiple payments on my wages,  payee list no longer in alphabetical order, advance search features by type no longer available, so everything takes longer and the santander system will probably log you out before you have finished as you have taken too long!!, then you need to start all over again. If you get locked out of your online banking say by leaving on caps when typing your passwords, santander's solution is to leave you locked out of your online banking while they send you  all new password and security numbers , by royal mail post, so probably at least a week if your lucky. Apart from the major inconvenience this may cause my other observation is if these details were to go astray in the post whoever got them would a short step  from  accessing your online account which sort of defeats the security aspect of this procedure in my opinion, other banks don't seem to need to take such action in order to ensure their security not sure why santander does. You can complain and the front line staff you speak to do try to be helpful,  but they can do little as is clearly from the very top down managerial issues that is the main problem, reading other reviews of people who have gone through to senior management with problems, they say the are being basically  told if, you don't like it  !! obviously if that is the attitude customers best long term option,  even though it can be a major inconvenience,  is to move to another bank when the opportunity arises.            
                They can't even manage to do a regular wages run on time. If you are a business who would like to keep their workers happy avoid this bank at all costs as they constantly pay workers bacs payments late.            
                I've sent numerous emails to Santander asking them to detail on the statement which entries have gained cashback.  I run a spreadsheet to monitor my accounts and the figure I should have got in cashback is already less than what Santander suggest it should be.  I only opened the account recently so expect this problem to get worse over time.  When I asked Santander to clarify, they said I should check their website to see which outlets participate in the cashback scheme.  This isn't useful as need it to show on my account, per entry.  It shouldn't be hard to show - surely they need to have this data for their calculations?!  They also take cashback gained in a month off the balance, however, the entry doesn't show in the statement - very confusing!I intend writing to the Financial Ombudsman to complain about these issues as it's very confusing and surely can't be good banking practice!            
                I rang to cancel a direct debit. In short they kept me on the phone for too long a time then still could not cancel the direct debit as I failed their ridiculous security check. Rather than asking me for the 1st, 3rd, 8th digit of my security password, for example, which I could give, they ask you how much cash was withdrawn from a cash machine or how much did  you spend on a recent transaction. When its a joint account how do I know how much my husband spent on shopping when I wasn't there. I finally remembered a payment we pay regularly after thinking for a short while, but they had to accept my first answer, so I failed. How to make it difficult for the customer.I was stopping money going out , not withdrawing funds. I had given my account number, date of birth etc.            
                Why  do Santander keep changing  the design of their Credit Card statements ? is this to confuse the user, so he / she misses the payment deadline . I have since cut up and   paid off my card , and will be using my Barclaycard from now on . When trying to pass the security checks by phone I was given 2 reasons why I failed ,  and had to re dial  even though they were given my new e-mail address and telephone number on other accounts , Seems like a lot of  Banks do not have the ability to cross check. Will be settling my mortgage and leaving to join another bank . I just received a letter to say I am due £24 fee for credit card that was closed down 1 year ago . Changing to another bank .            
                My experience of Santander has been nothing but a bad one! They blocked my access to Internet banking because I made a payment of £30, they blocked my debit card countless times just because I tried to use it more than once in the space of about 30 minutes, they even blocked it because I tried to check my balance at a cash machine!! All they did was block me from accessing my money and that is why I have closed my account!            
                I won't bore you with the gory details but I swapped to Santander in 2011 and I have a file of complaints about two inches thick. Don't get me wrong, the front end people are generally great but the bank's policies and there ridiculous security which keeps locking my account almost every time I try to do anything is just stupid.I've tried putting cogent arguments to them and their final response to my reasoned arguments?"Well if you don't like it you can take your business elsewhere"That's because I had the temerity to contact the CEO's office to demand action, not platitudes.By contrast, I banked with Cahoot for 15 years, never even had cause to call them, could do everything on line without a hint of bother or drama, ironically Cahoot is owned by Santander, they can't even learn from themselves.Frankly, you can't even help them to make it better, they are simply not interested.IN REPLY TO DENISE (because I can't seem to reply without being on facebook )Hi Denise,I have found that 99% of the front line staff are great, i couldn't disagree with your experience at that level. I have had so many painful and unnecessary faults like1) About 10 hours on the phone to get them to send me an application form for an account for my mother who I have power of attorney over2) Multiple "suspected fraud" events, even though to carry them out in total would have required someone else to havei) My telephone banking details in their entiretyii) my online banking details in their entiretyiii) Have, are have all the details of my debit cardiv) My address and DoBv) Have access to my home phone and IP addressHaving called that as fraud, given the details above, they designated that as low priority fraud.3) I tried to transfer money by telephone banking twice and they put me through every security measure they had, I was kept on the phone for an hour (twice) on an 0845.I said, have I passed security and will you make the transfer but could never get confirmatio the transfer would be made.I've only listed the immediately memorable but if you want me to go through the 2.5" file and recant more tales of woeful service, I'd be happy to do so.In parting, one lovely lady does not (unfortunately) make an international bank.REPLY TO JOSHHi Josh.Same as I found, multiple security locking of my account and over the top security. I took it all the way to the CEO's office but they basically told me to bog off.Not interested in learning from their failings - see my post above            
                123 Student Account, charge £5 on everything everytime from dd to using your card, what that all about?? Then total ignore you on secure messages, customer service a complete joke, can not wait to leave them!!!!            
                No one should have to wait two hours and fifteen minutes (and counting) on hold to speak to someone at their bank. Call was made during business hours. Appalling. Absolutely terrible. I can't bank with a company that offers such dreadful service - avoid and put your business elsewhere. Santander are constantly the most complained about UK bank, there is a reason why !!!!!!            
                Awful bank , very rude staff i had to walk all the way to the Kings Rd branch just to deposit £30.            
                We have recently switched current accounts. Not that we were dissatisfied with our present bank but they just couldn't match the 3% interest of the 123 Account.The switch went without a hitch. So impressed were we that we have now moved my mother in law to a 123 account. Perhaps early days but we travel around a lot and now have experience of several branches and found most staff to be very helpful. Online banking has also proved very straightforward. Downside? -  a little too much hard sell when opening the account to take out home insurance, credit card etc but overall so far so good.            
                -Constantly locked out of my account for apparent fraud security concerns.-Card blocked on a weekly basis-I spend what seems like several hours unblocking card and account almost weekly-Can't use high st banking facilitiesIt is completely unacceptable how this bank operates. Running my own business, my time is precious. I would not normally waste time reviewing online but I feel so let down by them that I have to. If I use my business card more than 4 or 5 times in a day it seems it is automatically blocked, I then have to go through a long process of unblocking it. Also I pay wages at the start of the month using online banking, last month they blocked my whole account for doing so, it then took 4 hours on the phone to unblock.Steer well clear if you have more important things to do that waste your time with customer service operatives.            
                Was on the phone to there e banking section today. and have to say they ve improved . very helpful and naturally friendly.            
                Customer care non-existent. Non-user friendly. Would not accept cash. Late issuing debit/credit cards; I had to wait two weeks without a card.Arrogant complaints department. Santander has caused countless number of problems. I would advise you stay well away or tear your hair on a daily basis with this useless bank. I am gald i closed all my accounts and left now. BE WORNED!            
                For going about £10 over my (very minimal) overdraft, when I was unemployed and in poor health, I was hit with a succession of charges and fees over a period of a few months, and every time I put money in to clear it, the money was eaten up by the yet more charges. The account even ate a month's rent which the council put in. Each one felt like a sickening blow, and after a while those blows were to a numb corpse. I nearly starved, could not heat my home, my health plummeted, and I was forced to move home owing rent. The last I heard, they were pursuing me for something of the order of £800. A few years before all of this happened, the same branch (then as Alliance and Leicester) had sent a new card and pin to an old address, without any consent from me, and someone there opened my mail and cleared my account. The bank had a video of the criminal using the cashpoint, but refused to release it, and blamed me. That half destroyed my life; but I recovered from that one. If anyone ever bombs their HQ and utterly destroys it, I will be clapping.            
                Having banked with Santander for over 15years and i thought i will apply for a loan giving that am a 123 World customer based on the 5.7 preferential rate advertised. the loan was approved with 10.9 rate which was surprising giving that i have my mortgage and saving and credit card which i pay in full monthly and have never defaulted on payment. i called the customer service team and the useless answer was your credit score and then ask if it's my credit score how come halifax gave me the same amount for the rate they advertised and not give false information knowing that you're going to give customers ridiculous rate i might as well go to Wonga.com to apply for loan. As result i know were there loyalties lie now and am closing my savings and other account and moving my funds to a bank that will treat me like a loyal customer and not just a number. my advice is Avoid applying for the loan and don't bother leaving marks on your credit file as a result.            
                Following a credit card application, Santander called my house phone just before 8am on a Saturday morning!  This felt like an intrusion when trying to get some well-earned rest after a hard week at work.  Poor judgement on their part - I will not be dealing with them in the future!            
                Its a nightmare when you go to deposit or withdraw money from Santander bank, either they seem to have problem with their system or some other issue, today at The Mill Hill Branch at 13.15 hrs I with some more customers waited for more than 40 minutes outside the branch.  it seems they had a problem with the withdrawal machine inside the branch and they shut the whole bank rather then putting a notice on the machine stating Out of order,There was not a single bank staff at the door to inform the customers as to why they have shut down the branch, They do not even have the courtesy to put a notice on the entrance door specifying the problem for shutting down the branch.I don't think they had to shut down the branch for problem with the withdrawal machine. This is the service you expect from Santander.            
                Both my wife and I set up separate business accounts with Santander. After verifying who we were during the application process by going in to the branch with passports and utility bills, we have been stopped from doing most business due to 'security'. In my business I wanted to transfer some money. No. I needed to go into the branch and verify who I was. My wife wanted to add an business partner, so she completed the forms and then.... No, she needed to go in to the branch and verify her existence. We moved (Holy God on Earth I wish we hadn't) so I needed to go into the branch to verify who I was. We tried to set up online banking......guess what....... yup another trip to the f***ing branch and then today I tried to make a payment with the card and the 'verify with visa' records do not match the one Santander have so the card cannot be used for online purchases. My money is perfectly safe with Santander due to the fact that I cannot get it, move it, check that it is there, or heaven forfend ever spend it! We will be moving our companies (I know my Financial controller will be unhappy) to a high street bank which, whilst probably a crook, at least it wont be an incompetent one.            
                We went to Tunisia and my son had let the bank know but he couldn't use his card all holiday. Santander said that there shouldn't be an issue and the card was fine. The same thing has happened to my other son in England he was stranded and couldn't fill his car with petrol to get home! Customer service is non existent!! Steer well clear!!            
                Avoid them at all cost. I set up an saving account along with my Santander Current account and a mount of £300 would automatically transferred from my current account to the saving account. However, the £300 was taken from my current account, but it never hit my saving account. I had to chase up the money for one and a half years before they actually gave me back in credit. To make the matter worst, I had to explain to them everytime I went there for half an hour before I was told there was nothing they could do until I threatened with complaint to trading standard/authorities etc... and I believe it could not be an one off accident, since my partner who  opened a santander bank account at the same time as me also found out money was missing from his account. You have been warned, stay well clear of them.            
                This is the worse bank in the UK.  The majority of the staff don't have a clue.  Each branch has different rules.  Bunch of A1 Idiots.  Would never recommend anyone to them            
                Having made numerous attempts to communicate with Santander regarding the freezing of my account, all they will do is tell me that they can't provide me with any information. I have been left with no access to my funds and my direct debits not being paid.As I write...I'm two weeks in and still no communication from Santander.. AVOID THESE INCOMPETENTS AT ALL COSTS!GIVE YOUR CUSTOM TO A MORE DESERVING AND CAPABLE ORGANISATIONUnhelpful and uncaring with no thought for their customers so I've opened a complaint with FOS in an effort to get some kind of competent response from the incompetent bank...            
                Having gone around 25p over my overdraft limit for travel just before the end of my first year at university I am sitting in here in September, 3 days before my student loan is due, having to call up customer service about my overdraft fee. I will admit that going over my limit was risky, but after asking others who have different student accounts with other banks, I have come to realise my fees are extortionate compared to others. I am being charged over £50 a month where as other such as Natwest are £6 a week. As a student I have been given no leeway in paying back the money I owe and have been threatened to have bay-lifts come round to my Mum's house in order to repay the £200 I owe them. I went with this bank with the promise of a rail card but after 3 months of not getting the right photo they cancelled the offer and now I am left without one. I call all students to STAY WELL AWAY from this bank. After I finish my course I will be leaving their custom.            
                if you think you have a portable mortgage with Santander I suggest you think again, I have been paying mine at a rate fixed at 6.14% for about 10 years. we decided at long last to move house so I called Santander to confirm the mortgage was still portable as it was originally with the abbey I was told yes absolutely. so I put the house on the market and after a short time it sold then came the searching for a new home, we soon found our house and the wife loved it  so I thought I would just confirm again all was ok with Santander i was told not a problem so I put in an offer to our joy it was accepted so I called Santander to give them the good news and was told it was only the mortgage rate that is transferable and I would have to re/apply for my mortgage I explained that I was the whole mortgage and had been agreed and confirmed but they would have none of it, we eventually got an appointment at our local branch in oadby Leicester only to be met by their adviser viviya who was less than sympathetic to say the least,  we did not want any more money or put the bank at any risk we just wanted to move our address and keep the mortgage the same you know as agreed vidiya said she would send all the info to the underwriters and we would hear within the week we did and the answer was no, we have received nothing in writing just one snotty phone call to the wife while I was at work and now she wont answer her phone or return calls, it will cost a ridiculous amount of money to take out another mortgage with the early pay off to Santander, we now have to let our buyer know we cannot sell and our dream house is to be lost forever thank you Santander, if you people think it is a simple phone call to sort things out with this company please think again            
                I am so upset that I feel I need to warn others about taking out any products with Santander. I have had my mortgage with them since they took over Abbey National. Recently my mortgage deal expired and I rang them to arrange another and also pay off a lump sum. After being past from one to another and been put on hold several times I was told they would ring me back. That did not. I have an answer machine and so would not have missed the call. I decided to make arrangements to leave work early tonight so I could go into the Stockton on Tees branch to speak to a person. One of the two men on reception duty said I had to phone as they didn't do face to face discussions. He dialled a number and left me sitting behind a screen waiting to talk to a mortgage advisor. To cut a long story short, I was passed to a total of 5 different people (one bad line, one incompressible accent) and all of them gave me conflicting information. One clearly wanted to get away as he offered me a free phone number and said I should ring back from home. When I said no, I would rather get on with it he stressed several times that it would take around 30 minutes and kept asking if I had 30 minutes. I think he just wanted someone else to deal with me. You are probably thinking I had a difficult problem, but no. I just wanted to change from the standard rate and pay off a lump sum to bring the term down.I honestly started to wonder if I was on You've Been Framed as one person passed me on to another. And all the time I was explaining my personal business and answering security questions in front of two receptionists and every customer who walked into the branch.After getting absolutely nowhere I gave up and the last person on the phone had the nerve to ask if I was interested in one of their 123 current accounts! As I explained I would never be interested in any of their products again when it is not possible to sit down face to face and speak to someone about your needs.I was so upset following this ordeal that I asked to speak to the manager. He was a very nice man who spoke to me in a private room but by this time I was so upset and felt so frustrated that I could not keep control of my emotions and was near tears. I felt unvalued and felt as though I was treated without dignity or respect. I will pay off this mortgage as soon as possible, at the standard rate and will advise everyone I know to have nothing to do with this bank.            
                Being able to speak to customer services, I think is a fairly basic requirement.Yet the call quality on the Santander customer service line is terrible;30 minutes of garbled / breaking up conversation with a customer service rep -- we had to abandon the call in the end.What should have taken no more than 5 minutes to sort out, still not done.If they can't even sort out a working phone line, it doesn't instil much confidence.Luckily I only have a mortgage account with them, there's no way I would have (or recommend) a current account with these people.            
                In setting up my new account they sent my debit card and pin to an incorrect address. When I called to find out where it was they admitted their mistake. However it took 2 hours and 7 people to correct one address and cancel a credit card. They have left me with no confidence in their ability to look after my data, and manage my money. As a result we will be cancelling the switch. No business for them from me.            
                I had been juggling various savings accounts in various Banks/Building Societies for several years. Saw the advert for Santander's 123 account around 2 years ago and switched  to them. Easy, helpful switch. A great savings interest. Heavy, sometimes intrusive security, but reassuring. Somewhat inflexible but, hey, good interest, cash-back and friendly service in the Branch. I'm much happier than I was with Ll*yds for 50 years!            
                NEVER NEVER EVER have an account with these people.   My mum had multiple bank accounts and share accounts - why I'll never know.    Today the 7th anniversary of her death I've just received paperwork to say that there are more accounts they've found in her name.  HOWEVER because THEY MADE A MISTAKE in the spelling of her name I once again have to submit all of the  forms, the grant of probate, death certificate and get the executors who have now scattered to sign the paperwork again.I cannot begin to tell you how distressing it has been to deal with this organisation.     Since then I've wept for hours whilst being kept on hold any number of Santanders phone lines.    I've written, rung and submitted paperwork that would have sunk a ship.    The whole organisation is about making money and holding on to it.   To phone takes ages and costs.   There is no centralised department that will handle your bereavement and liase with the rest of organisation on your behalf.   No for every single item you have to submit a grant of probate, death certficate, executors signatures.    Apologies if this review sounds emotive but with the other organisations I dealt with during managing my mothers estate it felt cathartic.    A final tidy up.    With Santander it has been tortuous bodge job of a journey.Please please save yourself the heartache (or your descendents) and give them a wide berth.            
                I rang Santander up to make an appointment to see a mortgage adviser in my local branch as I've got my mortgage still with Alliance and Leicester.I explained my situation to the girl and the other end - I can't remember her name all I can remember is that her personality hits a great big zero).  Anyway after about 10 minutes of questions she pushes me through to the Alliance and Leicester section and they confirm that I can't transfer my mortgage with them (not sure what this was all about as I only wanted to pay it off anyway) so back I go to her again and she explains I would need to take out a new mortgage with Santander - great I think they're finally getting to what I want.  Anyway she does go through a couple of their interest rates and asks me if I have a current account with them.  Yes I do I said I have a Premier account.  There then followed a great gushing of enthusiasm from the wet lettuce I was originally talking to so presumably she gets some commission on this one about the benefits of their 123 account and would I like to change to this would only take 10 minutes and all the great money I'm going to save so sure I say put me through and I'll come back about the mortgage.  Well took about 5 minutes to put me through to start with and then I reckon about another 20 to arrange.  Great can I go back to the mortgage then - No not until this chappie has tried to sell me a credit card.  Anyway long and the short of it is I spent about an hour on the phone to them and did I get my appointment?  What do you think? Apparently you need to not only have an offer on your property but to have made an offer on another (yeah like I'm gonna run around like a headless chicken once I've made my offer).  But I only want to discuss options? makes no difference apparently.  So over an hour a complete waste of time (but Santander won't be getting my next mortgage)            
                I received a renewal notice for building insurance. The quote was for just under £500!! I checked online and they quoted less  than £80. I phoned the renewal department and was requoted £394. When I pointed out the discrepancy I was told the online business is different from the renewal department. Needless to say I told them where to put their quote and why I wouldn't give them any business in future.No wonder they can afford to sponsor Mr Button!            
                I opened a 123 student account with Santander, switching from Nationwide because they didn't offer a student account service, and I have had nothing but problems from the word go. The woman I set my account up with had set it up wrong and it's been virtually unusable for weeks, and none of the staff in branch or telephone advisors really know what to do, I just keep getting told 'I don't know what to tell you.' which is quite unhelpful! I would definitely not recommend Santander and I absolutely regret switching to them.            
                I had a payment which was not refunded by a merchant, even thought they had agreed a refund as i was entitled to one.I contacted the bank and asked for assistance, and it was at this point I should have seen what was to come. As the assistant spoke to me in a half professional manner, talking very rapidly and not listening to what i had to say.Cut a long story short, I submitted all the required doc's but heard nothing for weeks. Eventually got tired and contacted them, to only be told the matter had already been closed and a "partial refund of about 60% issued".So not only had they accepted a partial refund on the amount, but also had not bothered to inform me of anything.Needless to say I complained, only to be fobbed of by rules and regulations that they had fulfilled so do not need to look into it.Shocking, and a big mistake trusting this bank. I am moving back to my previous bank, who are a god send compared to this.            
                Been with these clowns since the days of Abbey National, 17 years ago.Applied for a 123 credit card, but was refused even though I've never had any debts in my life. I'm on the electoral roll and my Experian checks out.Unable to tell me over the phone as to why Ive been declined, ''its all explained in the letter'' each of the 5 incompetent individuals I've spoken to over the last month have quipped, here we are 5 weeks later and still no letter or explanation as to why, I'm not holding my breath, maybe they attached it to a Pigeon, ill keep my fingers crossed rather than my windows open.            
                I'm going to university in 19 days. I needed to open a student account ASAP so when I went into the branch I took all my student finance letters, my id and my unconditional place acceptance letter for uni. According to them that is not enough to have an account which I needed to live off for a week before I got my student loan. Now I have to wait and see if I can receive a student account from another branch in time for me to leave because obviously Santander are hugely useless.            
                I recently changed to 123 account and am surprised at the negative comments.The cashback element will of course depend on your personal circumstances as will the interest on account balances.As for myself I found the staff at Stanmore most helpful and the switch over went smoothly without a hitchD.Tonchin            
                Having lived in Spain some time ago and happily banked with Santander it seemed to be a natural thing to bank with them on my return, fatal assumption - this is not the same Santander. I have just spent another sleepless night waiting for a payment to show in my business account and again it does not. As usual Santander can provide no assistance here, and only suggest I talk to the other parties bank. Yet the last time the payment was returned to the sender it was due to Santander issuing me an incorrect BIC code. Not only that, but having established prior to opening my business account with Santander that they offered Euro accounts when I wanted to open the account I discovered that I had been provided a half truth. They can offer something through their high priced subsidiary Cater Allen which is aimed at companies with plenty of cash washing around. Unlike other banks (Barclays, HSBC) they do not offer any Euro account for small businesses. So be it I thought, and simply had my Euro invoices paid by my customers into my GBP account for the time being. Once the first payment finally arrived there was a massive discrepancy in the exchange rate. After more than two weeks of trying to establish with Santander what happened - two weeks because the department that handles the "investigations" are unable to talk to customers so you go through the normal call centre - who they are also unable to talk to and only issue some kind of coded message that the agent is unable to interpret so he has to send a message back asking them to clarify the codes. Eventually you both discover (as the agent thought the rate was wrong also) that Santander is applying the VISA exchange rate for international transfers - although I still fail to find this published anywhere. This rate turns out to be worse than interbank +/- 3%. So that is more than 3% that Santander rip off my bottom line for nothing and providing a worse service than anyone else with no option to avoid it. Having discussed this all with the agent and him saying my only option was to submit a complaint to which he confirmed there was no follow up - I still submitted it mind you - I asked what my other options were and he simply suggested I bank elsewhere. Having read all the reviews of Santander now I wish I had been more diligent. I don't think it is possible to find any of the banks with stellar reviews, but if you are business banking and there is any chance you may need to handle payments other than in GBP or anything that may deviate even the slightest from the norm really think long and hard why to go to Santander UK than any of the other banks.            
                had 2 123 accounts, one  they  hadn't  done  everything  they  should  found  out  2 months  after  opening it, things  hadn't  been  set  up  so no  interest  being  paid on  it, saw  the  female  bank  manager in southsea  very rude  and  uncooperative, it  was  her  mistakes  in  my  eyes, so  closed  account, and  complained  to  head  office,  march,  they  are  still  looking  into  it, despite  several  mails  from  me.   then  this  same female BANK manager, didn't  set  up  direct  debits for  2 accounts, only  one, fortunely  the  elecetric  co.  phoned  me  as  for  3 years  id  paid  gas  and  electric  direct  debit.so  I  have now switched  that  account. it  was  completed  21 july  they  were  supposed to carry  on  switching  anything  else  that  came  along  for  a  period  of  time.  toy day received  from  a  building society a letter  telling me  the £10,000 chegue  had  been  cancelled  by them.  I   had  already mentioned  there  was  one  in  progress to my new  bank and  they  said  the  switching  would  be  with  all.  I  have  mailed  to  santandar  complaining. tomorrow  I  will  go  into  town  and  see  them.  I can not believe  with all  the  stories  I  hear  about  them  that   this  bank is  allowed  to  exist. they  muddle  the  simplest  things  up. and  they  certainly  haven't  dealt  with  my  complaint  about  the  first  account  I  closed  back  in  march            
                They have allowed 2 transactions from my bank that I've not authorised left me penniless they are worth over £500 . I have asked for evidence of my authorisation which they can't provide nearly two months later no money back no proof of payment. They have now advised there time up is Sunday which will be just over two months.Agents always inform you incorrectly, no sense of ownership to a query especially when you have relied on there incorrect advise, long wait times. Rude staff that shouldn't work in customer service as they offer no service to there customers. No commitment to the things they advise you they will do, no follow up to a complaint no acknowledgement sent to me which they are regulated to do. Honestly a joke , I've gone to the ombudsman, as soon as I get my money back I'm leaving will never recommend them to anyone honestly the most unhelpful company I've ever dealt with.            
                Santander switching service failed to transfer my outstanding balance, failed to close my old account and failed to transfer the direct debit for my credit card. Not much of a switching service! When I phoned up I was told I had to sort it all out myself. Plus a long wait on hold to complain. Customer service at The Cooperative much better. I'll be moving back.            
                After being with Llloyds Bank for 30 years decided to move to Santander.Now blessed with 20:20 hindsight this was a bad mistake.Waiting in queues in Branch (for scheduled appointments), not calling back with details when they promise to, laughable Home and Contents Insurance quotes (Even with the 30% off for being a Santander Customer, still almost double what I currently pay), Impossible to get a price for a re-mortgage (I've tried 3 times, for one even waited 5 weeks for an appointment (By which time they had put their interest rates up)and they still couldn't tell me how much it would cost.) Strangely they seem to think that they will just pick one that they think is best, but they will not provide any costs for comparison.I thought the service from the different banking companies i.e Lloyds, Santander, etc would be roughly the same but they are most definitely not. Looks like I was wrong and will probably be going back to Lloyds. Santander are appalling !            
                I am appalled to read all the complaints regarding Santander. We have recently switched our account to them after 18years with Virgin One (RBS) never had a problem with that one just the account was no longer suitable for our needs. I have to say I was very hesitant initially about Santander. But to be fair to their Chislehurst Kent branch was brilliant. The service we received from the young Personal Banker was outstanding. I have to say after 23 years and my husband 35 years in the Financial Services Industry there was not a lot we did not understand. Hopefully this service will continue, of course if it does not then there are other options we will take. But hats off to this Branch. I feel for those who have had a bad service it really is not acceptable and needs to addressed. Maybe we were lucky this time.            
                I own business have lots payments going Into my account but every time I spend money they block the card payment.Michael from Liverpool customer service sucks, very rude even had the cheek to ask where I was getting the money from ? I was shocked I said its on the account I have my own business.This is 8th time they have blocked my business account this bank is big joke..            
                I stopped using Santander as my main account after concerns about their charges.  I wrote a couple of cheques that sent me £44.06 overdrawn.  I hadn't realised that, in April, they had reduced my £2600 overdraft to £0.00, so they promptly charged me £10 un arranged overdraft fee and £25 for the second cheque.  I was oblivious to these charges, and they then added a further £100 un arranged overdraft fee.  I contacted them as soon as I realised, and paid off the £44.06, but they tell me the £100 will come out of my account on 22 July, taking me back into debt, then £5.00 a day forever (as they refuse to close my account).  I am refusing to pay on principle, so we'll see where this ends up.  My advice to you is so obvious, I won't even spell it out...            
                I am leaving Santander bank this week. I am not a serial complainer by an stretch of the imagination, but this bank is run by charlatans.           They advertise themselves at great cost ( no doubt paid for by the millions they recoup in unfair customer charges) as this warm friendly bank that gives you free money (123 a/c) but the truth is that they are there to rip you off and extract money from you by any means possible.The final straw for me was a £10 charge for a non payment of standing order. This standing order goes out of one of my santander accounts into another santander account every Friday to pay bills. Because one particular Friday happened to be a public Holiday a computer decided it to would have a holiday and not carry out the automatic transaction. I, therefore noticed this online and did the transfer myself. The bank then tried to do the transaction after the Easter break but there wasn't enough money there to do this, hence the charge.This complaint dragged on and on until I received a letter saying "the matter is resolved you will be charged and we hope you find this acceptable."Finally common sense prevailed when I spoke to COLLETTE in complaints. This lady must be the sole reason that Santander have risen off the bottom of the table, above RBS, for customer service. She could see straight away how absurd the charge was and how long the situation had dragged on for and instantly refunded my money. Only £10 I know but the battle was won on principle. Unfortunately, I won't win the war and Collettes superb customer service and perfect manner aren't going to be enough to stop me moving on.        Mr. Santander, whoever you are, promote Collette in complaints before she moves to a decent company and please feel free to call me when you find out you have lost a customer to another bank ( as if that's going to happen.)            
                Without going into all the details again and thereby hopefully keeping my blood pressure at a reasonable level, I am just in the process of moving my current account elsewhere. After over two months of being unable to access my account online due to a Santander error, culminating in my account being blocked and card declined I have no intention of letting this so called bank have any more of my hard earned cash so that they can stop me getting hold of it. Customer Service in Belfast friendly even though they could not help. Other Customer Service people in Liverpool and Bradford unacceptably rude. Branch staff generally OK but that is just not good enough. Off now for a calming glass of something....            
                Four times in the last year I have provided Santander with written instructions on their own form concerning the disposal of maturing funds.  Each time they have transferred the funds to one of their low interest accounts merely to hang on to the money as long as possible,  Staff told me the forms had been filled in correctly.  Retaining my money against my will is theft.  Despite phone calls they still hold my money.  I will be reporting the matter to the police.            
                Recently I made a purchase at a chip and pin machine with a low amount. The card was accepted and I left the store. I knew my account was low and close but if the card failed I would just use another method.Because the amount was so low Visa did not actually check the Santander computers for permission as they are expected to.This dropped me £5 below the "magic line".You can not lawfully impune the actions of a third party to another. Because of the actions of a third party Santander feels justified, by contract and with no sense of morality, to impuse me NOT Visa with fees of over £200 for this single event.Santander are happy to use a "fee on fee" policy without hesitation and with joy and with no compassion. In other words on the day the £25 overdraft went out that meant the 4 other items being paid that day are bounced too, so next month you get £100 in extra fees because of the same event and it ripples like a stone in water for usually 3 months and they have a system to help but only if you know it exists and ask and if that sum is over £100, so if the first ding is £25 you are told to go leap.Then I am told by the call-centre "You should check the computer". I did!I never use cheques, direct debits, standing orders, nothing to jepoardise my account. I show "due diligence" to my contract.Mike Smith is my name acct ending 9583 is mine.**No fear of libel here**            
                If you ask me, Santander insurance mission statement can be summarised in three word: Sly Mafiaesque Mendicancy. I have talked to a number of customers and read reviews which, alongside my own experience as a past customer shows that the company is prepared to go to any length and stoop to any level to cheat clients out of their money and do nothing in return. This is the mendicancy  part. But if beggars are, or pretend to be respectful and well-mannered to earn their alms,   Santander uses mafia tactics of intimidation and lies to extract money from unsuspecting clients. And their method of wriggling out of their obligations is sly, and quite frankly disgusting. In fact so disgusting that the customer prefers to give up any rightful claim just to get away from them. Not a bad way of earning a living, if people are prepared to do anything for fat salaries and bonuses. The worrying thing is that UK financial authorities allow such methods to contaminate the system.            
                To add to your reviews of Santander, we were persuaded to take up Santander home insurance by Santander Bank when we got a mortgage from them some years ago. Recently, for the first time since then, we had cause to claim for an accident specifically covered by the policy. Santander surveyor came, and with a manner not expected of any "decent and responsible company claiming to give you peace of mind" resorted to an aggressive manner, laced with really lame, unproressional and even insane excuses to prove that they were not responsible and would not pay. Because of my job, I have access to insurance specialists, surveyors and lawyers, all of whom confirmed that we had a genuine claim and should be paid. Upon our insistence, Santander offered a small sum, but refused to confirm even this or make any move to pay . Instead,, they wrote to us to say that WE were in violation of terms of the contract and the policy is cancelled and other insurance companies should be informed! Apparently they often resort to this tactic to frighten clients into giving up their claims. We have complained to Financial Ombudsman and are awaiting their decision. I have also discovered that Santander has one of the largest number of complaints against it and in fact few clients get anything without resorting to a legal fight. The lesson: To those who may have taken up Santander insurance, the best advice is to switch as soon as they can because they are not really covered for anything worth more than a couple of hundred pounds, and even that only after they have already paid several thousand pounds in premium. Santander Insurance does not give peace of mind. Instead, when the policy holder needs sympathy and comfort and professional advice, it adds as much pressure and aggravation and distress as possible to force the poor client to give up on their claim.            
                I don't want to go into all the details but just want to say their customer service is horrible and rude! the worst i have seen so far! they rob you! AVOID at all costs!            
                Had a bad experience with santander some years ago but that is another story. Thought i'd give them another try, so purchased buildings and contents insurance a year ago for about £100.00; came renewal and the quote arrived at £151.00, thought they could do better than that!  They also had it at automatic renewal. When i queried this (just before i cancelled it), they said the auto renewal decline box was tucked away with terms and conditions; sneaky and quite bank like. Anyway went to Morethan (its something like that?) and got quoted £83.00ish. Must prove that a bank never changes its waysSo remember shop, shop, shop around.            
                After 14 years with Santander UK house insurance with no claim, we had some problem and were directed by the builder to call the insurance company, Santander sent a surveyor actually within three days. As soon as he arrived at the house, even before looking at the site, he said "it is not covered" which simply made me laugh. I showed him the insurance policy which specified that the problem was actually covered. He then went through the house, and picking on anything, from the state of our furniture to the neighbour's garden, blamed them for the trouble and said that it released the company from making a payment! When I asked why, he said that it was the responsibility of the insured party to foresee any problem, and remedy it in advance so that it does not come to the point where insurer is required to pay! He really treated me as if I were a half wit. Fortunately, I had an insurance specialist on the phone who one by one refuted his points. Finally he said they would look into the issue and make an offer. The next day, they offered a small sum not enough to cover the cost and about one tenth of what they had received from us over the years. But even this offer was only empty words, not worthy of anyone calling themselves a reputable company.  This is weeks ago, and we still do not know what they want to do.  All I can think is that the company is in chaos and no one is in charge. Worse, the behaviour of their people is abominable. I have never ever in my life seen people so rude, so arrogant and so insulting. I hope I am wrong, but the business seems to have been set up to receive money and shirk all responsibility. I know insurance companies often try to avoid full payment, but at least they do not insult you. They even try to reason and give you comfort when you most need it. Santander is there to add to your woes when you are already in trouble.  I would like a TV programme on this type of "insurers" as rogue traders. Please share your experience here to help.            
                I have previously held Santander credit cards, mainly for balance transfers. They do serve that purpose OK and you can also use them to pay for things. You will have great difficultly logging into the website (and I keep my log-in details written down, so I know I've got them right). For services such as updating your home address or cancelling your card, you will be asked to go into a branch.            
                I have been a loyal customer with this bank for 11 years, always paid my wages in, never overdrawn, never had a problem. After loosing my job 8 months ago they have gone out of their way to make my life hell. Constant charges and fines sometimes £95 a month, for going £2 over my limit. I spoke to them to explain the situation and they were arrogant and aggresive, saying they had "educated me" already, and that there was no evidence I was experiencing financial hardship, and that it was poor money management on my part. Some weeks I would recieve £60 into my account and they would fine me over £90, emptying my account, then fining me for being over limit. I am currently seeking advice from financial ombudsman regarding all these ridiculous charges so hopefully I will get them back. It is against the law to charge people excessively when they are in hardship, but Santander don't give a dam if they can bully you and steal your money. Got a new well paid job again now, am swapping to a new bank. Santander are MORONS.            
                I went into Santander in Taunton Somerset to open an account for my great niece, I spoke to an assistant on the customer desk I explained exactly what I wanted and an appointment was made to set up the account. She said all I needed was my nieces passport detail and her parents ID which she then photo copied and left under the computer key board for all the world to see I, questioned her on it and she said they are quite safe.I went in before the appointment to see them and check  the account would be ok only to find out one of the male staff had lost all the photo copies of the passport and ID.On the day of the appointment I went in to the customer service desk only to find out they cancelled the appointment saying I could not open the account for her. I asked for the copies of paper ID from my great niece and her mum  and still it could not be found and the male member of staff said it went in the secure waste. So what do I believe ?I am now checking the web weekly to see if another person has the same details as my niece and her mum, how do I know if they lost them the day the information was put under the computer key pad.STAY AWAY THEY ARE NOT WORTH THE WORRY I NOW HAVE            
                If I could give this mortgage lender zero stars then I would. It is an absolute disgrace how they have treated us and from what I gather, most first time buyers.We recieved our application in principle 6 weeks ago and were told all was fine with our supporting documents. Last week we were told that my written payslips were not sufficient proof of income. Irritating, but on we pressed and I was able to get some printed payslips in the correct format. Fine we were told. A couple of days ago Santander informed us that, actually, they were declining our application because despite having the correct payslips now, they couldn't proceed because they had seen written ones initially. WHAT?!!In conclusion, Santander are a bunch of crooks. Please do not give them the time of day. I've done some research on them since to find that they are the most complained about bank in the country. AVOID for your own sanity and to avoid losing your intended home.            
                I've had several problems with this bank since they took over Sovereign. From communication problems, not getting my address updated to receive a debit card on several occasions to issues with a saving account that no one could explain and charges on a CD that took several complaints to resolve.The latest issue is with a so called triple interest account. A branch member suggested I open this a couple years ago so I did. Upon reviewing the paperwork it was discovered there was $5K max withdraw a month. This would not work for me so I withdrew all funds ASAP.................. A couple years later I was told this with draw limit did not apply. I then asked if there were any other issues, fees etc. that I need to be aware of. The only thing I was told was a $100 a month needed to be set up for an auto deposit to get the extra interest.......................... With this new info in hand I put money in it. 3 days later I get WACKED with a maintenance fee.................... A phone call drew the response of "I'll talk to the manager". A week passed and nothing was done. A letter drew a phone call but no explanation or fix was done..I never had so many problems with all my other banks combined in over 45 years as I have had with Santander in 3 years.Ironic in a way. I was considering transferring some major investment towards Santander. The few bucks that IMO they stole from me is nothing in comparison to what they could have had with the investment swing.The other banks I work with have been trouble free for years, unlike Santander Bank.            
                Stay far away if you are looking at going for a mortgage with abbey they are slow, don't reply and are down right rubbish.            
                I have came here for the first time and read most of the reviews and I am NOT surprised by the outrage people feel towards this business.  It is hands down the worst experience I've ever had with a company (And I am a long serving SKY customer). I'd left the UK to work in Australia with an outstanding student overdraft. I am a property owner and there was a tenant in the property. Unfortunately she wasn't paying rent and my management company had to evict her and action small claims proceedings to recoup monies owed, I explained to an agent at the Santander that this was the case and I was between jobs in Australia and until I get a new tenant in there may be no repayments coming in for a few months, he said they understood and he would put the account on hold..Over the next few months I was getting calls from my Mother about constant letters threatening debt collection action, upon making yet another expensive call back to the UK about it the staff member told me to try and keep puting some money in each month to keep the account afloat until I get back on my feet.. I started making payments of £50 from September only to find  they had sent my account to debt collection proceedings.. :O I was in shock and had to make THREE CALLS from Melbourne, Australia to the UK (You can imagine the cost of these calls) The first two staff couldn't tell me why the account had been send to debt collectors as I had been paying for 3 months straight, they then told me if I paid £50 per month the account would be fine and no further action would be taken? "But I've been paying that anyway," I said.. They had no real answers for this and became flustered to the point of hanging up! HANGING UP THE PHONE?? Remember I am making these calls from 9,500 miles away! This is completely unacceptable which ever way you look at it.. I then had to pay for a THIRD CALL and spoke to an agent who said they would action a complaint and I would be called back on Monday. I'm sure you won't be surprised to hear no call came, I merely got an email saying the matter had been dealt with. It hadn't and I had heard nothing.I continued to make these payments and have not missed one to this day but to my dismay I logged into online banking 3 or so weeks ago to see they'd put ANOTHER £80 charge in my account! I was shocked and called an advisor who told me the account went overdrawn on 22/12/13 but my Mother had made a £100 payment on my  behalf on that particular date. It turned out that they decided to change the terms of the agreement to pay £50 per month with no action, mid contract and decide against notifying me. The agent told me she would action the complaint and I would  hear back within a few days. Early last week I received a text saying, and I quote.. "Dear customer, your request (ref 35567##) is complete." I assumed this meant the money, unlawfully taken had been returned only to find out on the 30/05/14 when calling to make a payment that it had not. I became angry at the agent after 5 minutes of trying to converse and being constantly talked over (they clearly train their staff to do this as it happens on every call, it is very tiring and very irritating) and hung up the phone. I then had to venture the whole way down to the branch to make a payment in person as it was the last day of the month.In short 100% do not, under any circumstances do business with this company. A quick google search will return all sorts of results about the Santander's awful customer service, being Britain's worst bank, fines over poor financial advice, etc. I am left completely disillusioned that our Government could let these corporations not only steal from the British public but also spit in our faces as they do it, as a Spanish company it is nothing short of deplorable.  The Santander is a vicious, cold hearted, money orientated corporation that has no regard for their customers whatsoever. They have ruined my partner and my chances of getting a mortgage now until I repair my credit file despite constant correspondence about my situation. Their staff are probably on £6 per hour, don't even know they're born and are just interested in drinking money for the weekend. They BADLY need to review policies, staff recruitment and training ASAP if they are to do anything to repair their abysmal reputation.            
                Opened an account online for obvious reasons.  Can't have any questions answered online. You have to call a belligerent, no knowledge customer service rep that asks questions, then will not let you finish an answer or for that matter finish asking another question. You need to ask for an Account Specialist to get anything accomplished.  Or as they stated, "you can go to a local branch." Right, that's why I opened the account online.  After two months, new monthly maintenance fees begin showing up with no explanation.  Communicate with you by mail, even though you request everything by email.  What a horrible experience and a Bank that should read their own material.  By the way, I was even charged an ATM fee for using their own Bank ATM. You have to love what Banks can get away with against consumers.  Next form to be filled out will be with State Banking Commission for a formal complaint.            
                Let me share my experience with you.Approx. one month ago I had an appointment with a business manager at Santander Taunton Somerset, I arrive and was kept waiting for 25 minutes, he then lead me through the back stairs to his officer where staff were sitting on the stairs. The office had paper and paperclips all over the floor looking like it had not been cleaned this year so I now beginning to think this was a shambolic organisation. He asked what he could do for me so I showed time my balance sheets and borrowings of no more than 1% against my assets and asked if they could do any offers better than  my bank.He then starts answering his phone and walked out of the office on three occasions leaving me sat there, I am not amused at all.Once I did get his full attention he said to me if he were the manager of Lloyds bank he would sign me up for a account here and now ! so after a brief discussion he said he would be in touch within 24 hours to arrange the finical formality. I hasten to add I have never heard from them Santander at all and quite honestly I don't want to. The words micky mouse come to mind, my recommendations stay away don't waste your time like me.            
                Different issues:1- I wanted to transfer swiss frank (CHF) from switzerland to Santander UK. I contacted Santander customer service (Number provided by their online secure message). After phone has been cut off two times! finally I was connected to a lady. Her answer was sorry we cannot inform you with our exchange rates! You will see it once it hit the account!!  When she realised I am really angry  she said she will transfer me to another department but I need to answer several security questions again! Then she said bear with me and phone cut off again! I called branch! they said same thing! sorry you will see the exchange rate after you receive the money!! What?! I am going to transfer more than £300,000 to buy a flat here in London and I cannot get the exchange rate?!!! She finally said the current rate, which was again wrong! as she was mistaking between buy and sell rate! Really is it the bank?! Do I need to remind them buying rate is different with selling rate?!!!!!  I finally decided to exchange prior to transfer in Switzerland! 2- I applied for the Santander mortgages! The waiting time to start application was awful! The lady was really nice and polite. However my address was wrong on their system! I asked for correction which same lady kindly correct it, However my mortgage confirmation again was with the wrong address!! In overall working with Santander was full of stress and I found them the most unhelpful bank.UPDATE:They just called me today and all they wanted was pushing me to buy content insurance for my home! I said 10 times that I am not interested, but still trying tom push! Really annoying! only calling to sell products! Finally at the middle of conversation the lady said sorry we have a customer here and will call you back later! Crap customer service! * I wished they check this page! but seems they do not even care!            
                They opened a current account for me , then 4 days later when i wanted to withdraw MY money they refused to do so.  After 4 days today i got a response on the phone telling me that something negative was on my credit file that is the reason why.My daughter did not have a 7th birthday party and outing yesterday as i did not have any money.  Still waiting for them to send my money back !            
                to the bottom. I have a Santander Business account, I've had it since March and it is the worst bank that I have ever dealt with, inconsistent response from call centres, badly addressed badly spelt letters with nonsensical messages and to top it all off, my access to Online banking was blocked for a reason which they appear incapable of identifying. I have already had grovelling apologies and a £20 compensation payment and I'm sure I am not the only one. If you are thinking of opening a business account, don't consider Santander before reading as many reviews as you can, I wish I had.            
                Because of Santander Mortgage Centre/Customer Service Dept, the chain on my house has now collapsed. A few months ago I saw something on TV about their CEO I think and now customer complaints/service is taken seriously. In my experience, this couldn’t be further from the truth. My partner and I are existing mortgage customers, who wanted to port it over. The time taken, which ended up in failure, is mostly down to Santander with their awful communication, misplacing/removal of personal information, diabolical administration processes and lack of sympathy (even for their existing customers). As of last week Friday my house chain is now collapsed. My partner and I are so angry/upset with Santander that to be rid of them, we are still going to sell our house, pay off the mortgage with Santander in full, move into rented, then start over again with a different mortgage lender. I could spend a lot more time going into detail but I have already been through this with Santander, but of course they couldn’t care less. If anyone is considering getting a mortgage with them please don’t, you are letting yourself into a minefield. Santander only deal on the phone and getting hold of them is a nightmare. They have an awful automated faxing system which takes 4 days to send a fax, they lose personal info, request and provide info incoherently. They make up stories about info they have provided or requested, basically they will cause you a lot of stress. From what I have read on the net I am not alone with regards to my issues with Santander. I can’t say how much I despise them and want to get rid of them as my mortgage lender. They have wasted 6 months of my life and I have lost the chance to purchase a house in a dream location. Take heed, avoid getting a mortgage with Santander.            
                Worst bank I have ever been with, the customer service is shocking and they will do anything they can to make your money theirs, I would highly recommend anybody to stay as far away as possible            
                I am looking to change banks to get some money-- for my money in their coffersI emailed Santander with brief details and awaited a customer service salesperson to call me.No chance, I received a reply from what I took to be customer service only to be told You must ring Us! and of course the usual non geographical tel number conSo it appears ABS (always be selling) does not apply to their call centre-- all to common in my exp and not just BanksMy advice is Stay Away            
                I wish I hadn't bothered applying for a Business Account at Santander now. I have been with them as a retail customer for years and having seen what a mess they are making of opening a simple new starter company I am beginning to think my money would be safer under the bed! The last request I have had on my journey to getting a bank account is for me to complete a change of address!!!! I have been with the bank and haven't moved since I started with them - whats more my mortgage is with them so they know exactly where I live doh!!            
                Trying to open a new business account and a savings account with Santander .Its just been problem after problem.You can't email them ,you have to write,then they say they haven't received the letter ,even though I have a signature to say it's been received ! They can email you ,but they can't phone ,the emails never arrive.You can't talk to anyone in authority,nor can anyone help you ,just log your complaint , I've made 2 already in a month ! They don't understand that you are trying to run a business and you need the account open today not next year ! I wish I never bothered ,I will not be recommending them to anyone !            
                We already owe them £300k - wanted to borrow extra £50k for loft conversion.  3 months later, 4.5 hours of phone calls with various (sounded like school leavers ticking boxes), "we cannot send emails" "we cannot call customers back" "that wasn't us, that was our admin department"I swear to God I will never deal with them again.  Ever.   Latest reason funds not released (though text received to say funds on way) because my fiance did not sign a "I won't demand my squatters rights" document.   Mad.  Useless.            
                I wish there was zero or no star rating for Santander as it totally deserves it. Santander is the worst bank I have ever had. It has charged me over 60£ For using 50£ Overdraft. I wanna say only one word for this bank ROBERS. I can't believe I was so stupid to open account with them. Now I have to wait to close my account until I have paid another overdraft usage fees. They can keep their overdraft facility as I don't need them anymore. I wish government could do something about this bank as so many peoples have complaint about this bank and this bank has hurt many of its customers financially!!!            
                Been trying to open a business account for 6 months and been a complete nightmare.I thought i would perservere and keep trying as to open with another bank it would take 4 weeks but what a mistake!Went branch to fax documents and they fax it to wrong department (happened 3 times) which i get told after 3 weeks.Every advisor has their own opinion of whats wrong and you can never speak with a manager or the account opening team!It come to a point where i would be explaining to them what procedures were as they would just make things up on the spot - still shocked how bad a bank can be.Gave up in the end - Worst experience - makes talk talk look like 5 star service.            
                Just been sent my quote for home insurance renewal.Last year £362This year £552Phoned to ask why & was told because I reported  a loss.I had wind damage to my roof & reported it to them & they said if I claim I had to pay an access plus I would lose my no claims discount ,so I told them I would sort it myself as it would not be worth claiming for a small amount ,so didn't claim.So it would have cost me £190 just for inquiring about putting in a claim !!That is just robbery .Not happy & will not use them again            
                It cost me I don't just mean financially undue stress worry etc.Given wrong information by them/santander so went to agency as advised at my expense and time over 20pound's in phone call costs alone and still not resolved yet offered 30 pounds compensation from first staff member then told have to do 40 mile round trip( because they gave incorrect information) to go to branch .I had to tell back making complaint on first call got cut off but was then offered 25pounds its cost more than that in tel calls alone.DO NOT USE useless you have been warned            
                Went in to the Esher, Surrey branch at 2.50pm this afternoon with my son to open a new 123 mini account. He is 13 and had £100 in cash to open the account with.Although only one customer in the branch at a desk and the 2 cashiers twiddling their thumbs, we were advised that it was not possible without an appointment...Offered 3.30pm (presume they needed a tea break before doing some work) but we were unable to do as my wife had to go to work. As he is back at school next week, it will now be half term before he can open although we will be going elsewhere.Advised we could open by phone or online but this was not an option as he had the cash to invest.You would have thought they would be desperate to get younger investors but as usual a crass attitude from a non caring institution.Avoid at all costs            
                I have today tried to call Santander to speak with them concerning a re mortgage, alas I have not been able to get through and wasted 30 minutes holding !!!!!!!Besides this someone promised me from a branch of Santander to call me and I have received no calls. This is dreadful service and I feel like taking the business elsewhere......................I have no axes to complain about the banking side of things as they do a great job but on the mortgage side they have a poor rating.            
                After opening the 321 account for both myself and wife, I must say that it is the most complicated and difficult thing i have ever had to do. So many numbers and codes and passwords and pictures and Hell just so much rubbish. We are about to close both accounts and tell them to stick their 3% interest and 321 cash back where the sun will not shine.            
                I had a current account with santander and i was facing a problem regarding to overdraft fee. I spoke to them and they agreed that if a will pay this certain amount then they will sort this out and i can close my account. On very next day i went to my local santander branch and i paid all the amount and i requested to close this account in branch. They agreed to close this account and they said i will receive a confirmation from santander about cancellation of my account. But after few months i did'nt receive any confirmation from bank. I rang them and asked them and they my account is still open and i have to pay extra amount to close this account. I will never go back to sabtander bank and never recommend this bank to anyone. Please don'nt open account with santander. There are couple of banks in uk you can go to them but pease don'nt go to santander. I hope this will help people to chose rite bank for them.            
                Do not bank at Santander! You will regret it, trust me.            
                Where do you start with this horrible excuse for a 'bank'. Well firstly whenever trying to log on to look at you OWN account you are unable to log on 99% of the time. When you go in to branch to speak about this you have to book an appointment which is always 2/3 weeks later so you problems are never addressed when needed. Also this is the only bank where once online you are unable to open your own saving account to transfer your own money freely, (IF YOU CAN GET ON IT IN THE FIRST PLACE). This is the most ridiculous banking company, failing to come up to any standards. If I wasn't stuck with my student account with yourself i would not hesitate to leave and ensure this review is taken seriously by the many. This complaint comes after trying to log on to my online banking over 15 times on three different computers using both the apps on the phone and iPad and  using the main website, which are all unless.            
                I lost my card in London and I contacted Santander. Five months previously my partner and I moved and two days after we went into branch and changed our address. When I reported my card as lost my partners address had only been changed. I went into branch to change address and ordered a new card. I phoned to check all was well and was told that my card had been sent to my old address. I went into branch again and ordered a new car but the advisor ordered my partner a new card and cancelled his current one. We didn't realise this until 24 hours later when his card was declined at a restaurant. We had no access to cash as both cards had now been stopped. Absolutely horrific!            
                I've had a mortgage with Santander and previously A&L since I moved into my house 5 years ago.  I needed to add £30k for some building work and today..... 2 months after my initial application, hours of reviews, wrong appointments, wrong advisors, different advice, requests for acres of documentation they have today told me they need even more documentation.  One month into this process, they insisted that I reduce the term of my existing mortgage before they would even process my application. I've had to fight for every appointment, I've spoken to people who don't seem to know what they are talking about and I've finally given up.  I have an exemplary credit record and a solid payment history with Santander, so goodness knows what you need to do to do business with these goons, but take my advice and go somewhere else.  After two months of frustration and wasted time all I've ended up with is an increase in my existing mortgage payment. Cowboys is too polite a term for Santander.            
                I, applied for Business banking with Santander. It was urgent for me but no one replied for about 1 month. After waiting and calling executives number of times, my request was turned down. I was disappointed by their services and have decided not to do any kind of business with them ever in my life. Please dont choose them if you are in urgent need of a bank account            
                SANTANDER ARE ROBBERS, THEY CHARGED CUSTOMERS ANYHOW, I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR I JUST CLOSE MY ACCOUNT WITH YOU! THEY CHARGE ME WITHOUT EVEN NOTIFYING ME ON SEVERAL OCCASIONS! AND THEY ARE TELLING ME THINGS I DNT EVEN UNDERSTAND, FOR A TRANSACTION OF 2POUNDS THEY CHARGE ME 25 POUNDS 3 TIMES, THEY WONT JUST REVERSE IT.THEY CONVINCED ME TO SWITCH TO HER BANK BECAUSE THEY TOLD ME IT WILL BE BETTER AND THEY WILL BE OFFERING MORE SERVICES THAN MY OLD BANK. I REALISED MY OLD BANK WAS BETTER. THEY WILL STILL CHARGE ME, BUT NOT AS MUCH AS SANTANDER. LIARS LIARS LAIRS AND ROBBERS ROBERSSSS. IF THEY SEE MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT THEY WILL FIND A WAY TO TAKE IT ON THE FIRST OCCASION!            
                I was a customer of Sovereign for years. When it changed to Santander I was going to switch to a different bank. I was talked into staying by changing my Checking Account to A 20 Checking and Savings Account....I was promised $20.00 every month for things that I was doing for the past 10 years. I promptly received my $20.00 for three month and the next time I checked my account that had closed my Savings Account. Out of nowhere...Since then I have called this bank a total of five times, on the phone for at least an hour or more each time..getting promised, the account will be re-opened which it was, however, I never received the $20.00 again.I am closing my account now., which I should have done in the first place....when it is too good to be true...it is....do not bank with this monstrosity of a bank...These banks don;'t give a schnitzel about you...all they see is money....I will now bank with my local credit union, at least I get treated a lot better than with this bank...            
                I opened a new ISA account for year end Apr 2014 and the site asked how much I wanted to transfer in from my current account, so I entered an amount - all done a few days before the deadline. This has now been ignored and I am told they never intended to transfer the money in. Now I have lost last year's allowance. The online instructions for transferring from old ISA's into the new one are misleading - I would have lost all tax allowances if I followed the instructions. Then - no interest from the "senior" advisor about my complaints. Buyer beware!! I have been with santander for years, but now realise why there are so many complaints.            
                Their products can be attractive but look out for all the fine prints. I learnt the hard lesson. Current account hit by under funding fee due to delay from employer, went into overdraft, hit by £5 charge on three occasions and account went into overdraft which was then hit by overdraft charge of £12 plus interest. Total rip off! Called customer helpline to waive charges but staff was cold and indifferent. "Computer says no" treatment. This is the Ryanair of financial services. Marketing to lure, lots of hidden clauses, customers always end up feeling worse off and worst customer service in its sector! At least Michael O'Leary, boss of Ryanair knows his banters.            
                I'd like to consider myself 'reasonably' intelligent, I run my own business and use a computer and a keyboard 98% of the time.  Clearly Santander's online banking is way beyond my capabilities!  For two days it's been implied that I'm a total idiot who can't key in the correct numbers .... amazing how I manage in day to day life really.  'Call us and we'll talk you through the 'process' - what of keying in the 2nd, 4th and 5th numbers of a five digit code ..... never felt so insulted.  Had the account three months and have been able to use it for less than a third of that time .... off elsewhere with all my banking and they don't give a hoot!  It's a shame there aren't minus stars on this review as that's what they deserve.As at August 2015 I am STILL TRYING to get all my banking AWAY from Santander.  They are deliberately obstructive.  Two months it has taken so far, I have completed their forms, provided ID basically done everything and STILL they refuse to close the account.  Things must be really bad if they are gripping so tightly to an account with £20 in it!  Well they can keep it, I've moved all the direct debits to another account where they value their customers (First Direct for those interested and who are absolutely marvellous).  Santander don't go near them with a barge pole unless you fancy taking them on via the Financial Ombudsman - which is my next stop.            
                Awful customer service at local branch, rude and disinterested member of staff failed to instruct me to bring half of the essential documents needed to setup my student account. This lead to 3 half an hour trips back and forth from the branch as the same member of staff was persistent in giving me false information. After collecting all necessary documents and returning to the branch for the fourth time, I had to wait 40 minutes just to see a personal banker even though 2 of them were clearly  without customers for half of the time I was waiting. When I was finally shown to a member of staff, they were unhelpful and painfully slow, leading to another half an hour out of my day setting up the account.Furthermore, the online banking service is horrific, the layout makes it extremely difficult to carry out the most basic of tasks - I gave up trying to make transfers and reluctantly went back into store to setup my direct debits. After forgetting my online details, you would think it would be easy to obtain new ones, think again... The only way I could do it was to reset and resend the information by post to my home address, even though I needed the information sent to my university address. I then tried to change the address attached to my account so I could get the information sent where it needed to be, but yet again this proved to be a near impossible task with further poor customer service and a complete lack of efficiency which seems to be consistent with the Santander branches I have visited.I would not recommend this bank to anybody, the customer service they provide is among the worst I have encountered and the security systems they have in place are over the top and only inconvenience the customers they have.            
                I opened a business account with Santander and specifically requested that all mail be sent to an alternative and legitimate address. I share my home address with a neighbour and post is not always received. What happened; they sent everything to my home address and my neighbour asked me about my proposed venture.I made arrangements to close the account, for if Santander were unable to act on very basic instructions, then what hope?! It took them circa two months to “investigate” the matter, despite me not having lodged a formal complaint; what’s the point? I merely wanted to close the account and move on.About three or so weeks’ ago, Santander contact me following their investigation and apologise etc. I accept delivery of flowers; I had stipulated a specific date for I didn’t want them to be delivered to my home address in the event they went AWOL and neither did I want them languishing in the office if I wasn’t there. The appointed delivery date arrived, but regrettably, the flowers did not. I emailed Santander who informed me that their appointed florist had left the flowers at a “secure location”. Naturally, I replied for I was curious to which “secure location” had the flowers been delivered?! No reply was received. The flowers were received on a subsequent appointed day. The box was big; regrettably the arrangement was poor. Indeed, supermarkets offer healthier floral arrangements. Anyway, I had NO intention of keeping them, yet a friend who is 98 does enjoy them, which is good.My experience of from Santander was simply awful. Had the bank adviser informed me that it was not possible for all mail, cheque book etc to be delivered to an alternative address then I would not have opened the account. I explained my reasons for nominating an alternative and legitimate address, and produced evidence of it.            
                I missed a loan repayment so Santander collections department decided to phone me twice a day (once before 9am and the other at 8.45pm) the other calls at random times during the day. In total, I received 7 calls in 3 days. On one such phone call I failed the security questions which i thought was odd because I knew my answers were correct. I rang them back and it transpired I was giving them the wrong current address! Santander had been sending letters about my missed payment to an address that I had never lived at or heard of. What is bizarre is Santander have been sending me monthly loan statements to the correct address (which they confirmed they had on file)  I am gob smacked how a modern bank can be this incompetent.?  In addition, phone calls on Sundays, before 9am and in the evening are wrong. It's not right to harass people who are obviously already struggling for money. If anyone is thinking of opening an account or taking out a loan or credit card with Santander DONT! They are beyond awful . Read the other reviews Santander, you should be ashamed.            
                In Jan 2014 at the beginning of my 2 week holiday in Tenerife I was targeted by a professional pickpocket gang  losing all my cash, debit and credit cards.Within an hour I reported the debit card loss via my mobile to Santander to stop the card which was done immediately. To do this of course I had to identify myself with the usual security questions. I asked how they might help me get cash urgently telling them that I had my laptop with me and could go on line to transfer money if need be. They proceeded to ask me further agreed security questions all of which I answered satisfactorily plus naming 3 direct debit monthly payments. They then asked if I could tell them exactly how much each direct debit was for which I could not answer this accurately and told them so. They told me I had failed the security questions and therefore they could not help me any further and would need to wait until I got back to the UK to get a replacement card which they would send to my home. I protested but they refused to help me any further. On the return to my apartment, I sent  several urgent secure on line messages to Santander asking again for help and telling them that I had no more credit on my mobile and could not top it up to speak to them directly. I also told them that I was on line with some £56,000 available in my current account and needed to get some cash urgently and suggested I might transfer money on line to the local Santander Bank. Indeed I went to the bank and spoke to the manager who told me this was not possible  and they could not help me either. Two days after each message I sent I got a secure message back giving me generally unhelpful advice but one did include an emergency telephone number for Visa [not Santander] to organise a Western Money Order transfer. The number they gave me was unobtainable despite trying it several times. I did not get an answer to my next secure message asking them to clarify the Visa helpline number. They did several times though remind me that I could refer my complaint to the Financial Ombudsman. I was furious with this lack of service.I was desperate and very angry as after several days I had to abandon all hope of any help whatsoever from my longstanding bank Santander. Fortunately, I was able to borrow some cash from a fellow holidaymaker to survive. This was a very embarrassing time indeed for me and a completely ruined holiday.To compound my anger when I got home, all my credit card replacements were waiting for me,  EXCEPT of course the one I needed the most, my Santander Debit Card. Once again I spent a long time on the phone to the Customer Care Centre to be asked the same daft almost unanswerable security questions but this time, I was on line at the same time as the phone call and was able to tell them to the penny how much my direct debit payments were for! It took another few days for me to get a replacement Debit Card and meanwhile had to travel 10 miles or so to their nearest branch to get cash. I have asked dozens of my friends and family the same daft “over the top” security questions that I was asked and not one of them has been able to answer them. I can only conclude that this is a deliberate ploy by Santander is to fob off any complaining customer and to hell with the consequences for the poor customer!Subsequently, I have sent two letters of complaint to the Chief Executive of Santander with full details of my complaints. The two replies I have received effectively blame me for failing to answer their security questions which they say are designed to protect my money. What Absolute Rubbish. I have accused Santander of not having adequate emergency systems in place and suggesting various improvements which they might consider to deal with such problems for their customers whilst abroad. Frankly, their sole interest seems to be not to listen and act but to pass the buck of their failings on to the Ombudsman which I have done.Now I know from firsthand experience why Santander Bank appears consistently at the top of the banks customer service complaints league tables. Potential customers beware.Bill Fenton            
                We hate Santander.  This is the very last time we will deal with them apart from shutting our account.            
                Not happy with there Mortgage department. I have been 10 years with there bank. Did't look after me at all not happy.            
                Absoluely no consideration for what people are going through, apply absolutely ridiculous and unreasonable charges for things that have happened because of their poor admin and then refuse to rectify the problem. All the mistakes happen when people are low on money as it is, and dont even have the decency to contact customers when the charges are getting out of control to make sure they are aware.  Disgusting and want nothing more to do with them            
                I'll keep it as brief as possible.1) Pants Website with OTT security. 2) Email Messages to Santander (from within the online account) get ignored, unless you select the 'complaints' option. But then they respond via paper letter with a template apology and voiding all responsibility and to go the branch to sort it out.3) I've had 1 response from 7 emails in 5 years. It was this weekend which prompted this negative review.Email Question: "Please could you confirm the exact date my account was opened?"Santander response: ""Regrettably we are unable to confirm the date that your account was opened via the Secure Message service. For confirmation of this, please call us on the number below as we will need to speak with you directly."Pathetic! Why even bother having a "secure message service" plus the 35 step online login security process just to get to this "secure message service"? My question doesn't even require being secure.4) If you phone you are more often then not referred to the branch. I run a very busy small business working 6 days, I can't get to a branch. I'm not sure what Phone Support actually get paid for!  5) OTP (One Time Passcode). What a joke this is. Its purpose is to add yet another level of security to the online account by texting you a code to your mobile phone and for use online - when making online account admin changes, or setting up payments, or even simple things like setting up paper statements. I change my mobile number a lot and if you don't have access to your old mobile phone when setting up the new mobile number for the OTP you are screwed, because it asks you to confirm the change by texting the old mobile. What a PITA! So you have to ring some condescending support op to go through a myriad of questions (including your old mobile number) in order to update it. So much for online banking!6) Pretty inept and obnoxious support ops in my experience, especially those in the Liverpool call centre.7) It takes a good 30/40 minutes to cash a US cheque in the branch. They don't have a template for the payer like the other banks do, which makes paying in subsequent overseas cheques fast. After going through this laborious process 3 times I asked Santander could I post the cheque instead to get it cashed faster. I was told it's not possible by the branch and by the call centre twice. Luckily just before the cheque date expired I got an address off a client who had a similar experience. I sent the cheque to this address and it was cashed and in my bank in 24 hours!International Foreign Cheque DepartmentSantander BankRoom T73Bridle RoadBootleMerseysideL30 4GB8) Recently added edit. Santander cancelled my paper statements because 1 was returned to them as undelivered. How is that my fault if RM fail once in 5 years? If I'd have confirmed a move of address then fine, but I'd hadn't. To get this service reinstated I had to phone a specific 0870 number (between 9am and 6pm - no 24/7 option for this problem) and had to confirm my address get it set back up. Hey?All the best with this bunch of inept control freaks!            
                I've paid off my loan about 3.5 month ago. To my surprise,  when I checked my experian credit rating,  I've noticed that I'm 2 month behind on my loan.  I called the bank and after speaking to 3 people in India and the UK, the money was found, but not in my account.  I asked santander to update my credit report and  also emailed experian explaining the problem.2 weeks later,  checking my report,  I discovered that my ratings even lower due to unpaid loan.I called the bank again, spending an hour on the phone and talking to 4 people.  Again nobody knows what's going on. At the end they assured me that the money transfer to my account should take place soon which will resolve the problem. I asked them for the statement, but they told me that they don't do statements.  Then they wanted £3.50 to send it out.  I was furious.  They said that the statement will be posted on 18th of March 2014. Today's is 21th and I had nothing. Absolutely disgusting service and totally untrained personnel.            
                After 9 weeks of patiently waiting and sending numerous documents I have snapped. You cannot talk to account opening team  - they are "back office" so presumably don't have phones -  and customer service team seems to have only a vague idea what the account opening proceduures and requirments are. Constantly been told one thing then receiveing a letter / email 3 weeks later contradicting it. Oh - and it takes at least 2 weeks to get a response from an email to the designated account opening email. All I want is a simple account with no credit facility to pay my invoices into (some of which are now 7 weeks late being issued). And I have now gone overdrawn personally for the first time in 5 years. Thanks Santander.            
                i applied for a checking account at this bank using their online application and the stupid bank sent an account opening application via USPS (seriously?). This package has all my info including my full SSN,home and work addresses, phone numbers, drivers license number etc and only this particular envelope with all my info was opened in the mail ! I have a secure mailbox with a lock in my apartment and Someone has opened this particular envelope and photocopied all my documents and put it back. Seems like the thief knew exactly which envelope to open since there were 2 other envelopes from the bank and they were not opened. All i wanted was to open a simple checking account and now i got my identity stolen! i cant image how can a bank be so careless about its customers financial information.Never do any business with this bank guys ...just horrible!!            
                I wish I'd never gone with these. I can't access my money as it keeps locking me out, then they have to reissue a ridiculous 3 part security check of codes too long to remember to get online. Whe we first set our isa's up they made mistakes on both then don't apologise instead tried to suggest it was our fault somehow. They are rude, poor staff knowledge and make the same mistakes over and over. Oh yes and completely inflexible.            
                I used to work for this bank and have seen the incompetence of their people and their systems. The way they do business is all about getting your money and after that nobody cares about you. I have banked with other banks, but Santander is one of the worst and their accounts suck too! I have had so much frustration with trying to close my accounts. Went to the branch they took down all the information said would close account later supposedly due to system issues. Got statement next month. Called the online number to close the accounts, my online access was removed so I figured they indeed closed the accounts. A year later, I get a statement about using my accounts since they have been inactive for over a year. No kidding they have been inactive, they were supposedly closed. Called their online number again to close the accounts ... oh wait they can't verify my identity because there are no transactions they can ask me about since the accounts haven't been used. Back to step 1, go to the branch to close the account. I can't imagine how and why they are still in business with all this red tape and stupid processes! Never, ever banking with them again and nobody I know will be banking with them. I'll make sure of it!            
                I would never recommend ANY banking services...it is hard to get through they keep you waiting the staff don't give a dam and are not very well trained to deal with seeminglt any query....i must add that this is not based on a one off but years of BAD experience...why didn't i change sooner!I now only bank with first direct who are outstanding....if you are feeling the same i would totally recommend first dierct as they are every thing santander are not. The only thing i can say in defense of Santander is that they inherited this rubbish from Alliance and Leicester.            
                They are on the same level as Bank of America. They have horrible customer service over the phone. If you want to speak to a real person, you need to go into a branch and wait an hour or more during banking hours. Who has time for that? I tried to cancel my account and more than a year later I'm still receiving statements in the mail with a zero balance. I've been into a branch twice to try to clear this up and they can't manage to help me. It's such a waste of my time. And paper for that matter. It's like I'm being harassed for the rest of my life for once being a customer. I can't even begin to describe how mad they have made me on so many different occasions. Do yourself a favor and bank someplace smaller.            
                Extra 20 Checking is a HOAX -- you will never see them deposit a dime into your account no matter how much you have direct deposited or how many bills you pay with them.  Customer service agents will lie to you and tell you that you qualify in order to get you to open an account, and after you open the account they deny what they told you.  Then they say they will correct it, but they don't.  Called 3 times in three months.Moving my accounts! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. Most DISHONEST bank I have ever known.            
                I love this bank. I hold a business account, personal and ISA, actually I think my mortgage too.  I moved to them from Natwest in 2006 and have never had an issue since, the staff are brilliant, they charge very fairly and literally bend over backwards to help if you have a problem. I've never experienced such amazing service from a bank, I can't praise them enough.  They are simply the best bank ever and I'll never move. Charmian Beaton, Kent.            
                We are in the process of switching to a Santander 123 account but were disappointed to receive a letter stating they are unable to give us an overdraft facility due to Experian Credit Agency.  We have checked and the are not listed as doing a search and our credit score is 5 out of 5, which seems to suggest we are a good risk.  Santander state in their leaflet that a free overdraft facility is available during the switching process.The customer care department were totally off hand, nearly to the point of being rude when I said that we may rethink our decision to switch, she couldn't have cared less.We have £15,000 in our 123 account and 2 ISAs.  Hopefully we will not need an overdraft but one never knows.            
                I've long since stopped using Santander as my current account provider but have unfortunately kept them on for some of my savings accounts. My experience today in having to transfer funds in branch reminded me just how awful they are and how entirely devoid of common sense their operations are.STEER CLEAR. I intend to gradually move my holdings down to £0 with Santander.            
                Simple task of purchasing goods with credit card costed me an hour on the phone and almost a week in delayed delivery. Santander has extremely annoying security system! Waist of time!What is the point of having an online service if I have to call customer service to set-up Direct Debit...? Further more website does not provide information about amount of Direct debit!            
                I have a business account and a personal account with Santander. The business account has been running for around 3 years and the personal account for about 15 years. They have always sent my debit card and online login details for my current account to my home address in France. For the business account they sent my online details to my home i9n France but refuse to send me a debit card. No reason why they just don't despite telling me on numerous occasions that they will send my card. What is the difference between sending a card for a business account and one for a current account? They really are the most stupid bank            
                Don't know why people are rating an excellent bank so low. I've practically converted everything i have regarding insurance and banking to santander and thy have rewarded me heavily as a result. 30% home insurance (123 customer), car insurance the cheapest, my mortgage is further discounted by 1% every month as i have a 123 current select account. I love this bank and much better than the rubbish service i've had from Barclays (miselling CPP) and HSBC.            
                I applied online on 17 Jan, heard nothing for 2 weeks, so called them and was told I needed to send extra documentation. I sent that documentation and heard nothing for another week. I called their helpline to get an update and they said they would contact me the following Monday. They did not contact me so I walked into my local branch and the customer service guy called the biz banking line for me, who said I needed to submit other documents. They said an accountant's letter stating the nature of my business would be sufficient. I emailed them this (even though I had already sent this document before). Then heard nothing for a week. Called the helpline last week and was told by the rep that she "Didn't understand the notes" on my application. She said someone would contact me via email or phone in the next few days. Still heard nothing so today I walked into the local branch again and was told to use the customer phone to call the helpline. I was told that the documents I had submitted were not adequate (accountant's letter to state nature of business). Why hadn't someone contacted me to tell me this before?!!! Why couldn't the rep on the phone understand the notes when this was all it said?!!! I have now sent them a letter from my client stating the services I provide them, but who knows whether this is enough? They probably won't tell me even if it isn't. In the meantime, I have been working without getting paid for 5 weeks now as I have not been able to set up a business bank account to include on my invoices. Last week I applied to Lloyds Business Banking, who said they will contact me in 5 days and then it will take a further 10-15 days to set up. Let's see how they do.....            
                I paid a large cheque into my santander account on Monday to be told it would clear Friday, it didn't. I called the customer services and after an hour on the phone I was told that the cheque had been put on hold for security checks and if I took proof that the money was indeed mine that they would release the funds. Later that day I travelled to my branch with all necessary documents and sat for over an hour only to be told that even with proof they couldn't or wouldn't release the funds and everything the telephone representative had told me was rubbish however I was promised faithfully that the money would be available on the Monday, guess what? Still no money. I have called again today and have been told it "might be in on Tuesday or Wednesday". I've been with Santander since 2009 and to say I am appalled and disgusted with their treatment of customers is an understatement! As soon as this is dealt with I will be moving my bank elsewhere.            
                I have been a loyal Santander customer for 18 years, I have paid my mortgage every month without fail. Five years ago I found myself a single parent to three young boys but nonetheless I made sure I continued to pay my mortgage. I am a teacher, with a decent wage and have high equity in my house. I applied for the mortgage to be transferred to me and for my husband to be taken off the mortgage. After a lot of hassle they eventually agreed to give me the mortgage, however, my lawyer failed to accept the mortgage offer on time and they withdrew the mortgage. I have now had to reapply and they have knocked me back for having a credit score of 999 out of 1000 which is apparently an excellent score, after appeal they are now saying they are not sure if I can afford to pay the mortgage. I have been made to feel as if I need to beg them to give me a mortgage, so much for loyalty to customers. Without the mortgage, my 3 boys aged 5, 10 and 13 and myself could be forced to sell and be left without a home, despite me never missing a mortgage payment.            
                Sovereign use to send me a new debit card once it expired. Santander did not. So I wasn't able to access my money for 2 weeks. Id go to the physical bank to get one but they are only open weekdays for like 6 hours. I finally got a new one and I had to call to activate. I dialed in my card # then expiration date then last ss# digits. Previously that was enough to activate thru the automated system but with santander you need to talk to a live person. So I finally get someone who doesn't identify himself and immediately places me on hold. One Minute later the line goes dead. I called again put my #s in again get someone who gives me a 3 minute sales pitch and finishes with can I sign you up for that? I declined and asked if my debit card was actived now. He replied no. I replied well can we activate it already? He said sure I just need to vertify its you. I'll need you phone # and email. Im like I gave you my ss# you already know its me...plus you just asked me to sign up for something why would you sign someone up if you werent sure its them...you just want my info so you can send me sales crap. Activate my card please! And after all that it was finally good to go. Just saying some other banks all you need to do is use a new card once at a atm to activate. ..no sales pitches.            
                I look after my mother's affairs under enduring power of attorney.  In 2007 we invoked the POA and all correspondence since has come to my address.  Her house has since been sold.  I received a letter from Santander saying as her savings account had had no activity for about two years it had been made dormant.  I contacted them and they agreed to reawaken the account. Asked how much interest it was paying - 0.1%... I asked to transfer the money to another account - they agreed it could be done but then the sting - the paperwork could only be sent to her - now long sold - address.  Not to mine. Balmy.  I went to Branch in Leamington to close said account.  Cheque will be issued from Head Office... Make sure they send it to me in Warwick then please.  Showed me the address on screen... I went away, wary of what would happen.. No cheque arrived. I called, was given the brush off by first call-centre agent.  Second one was very helpful and said cheque had gone to Shaftesbury... but she couldn't do much to help - I need to ask in the Branch. So I raised a complaint using the form on the website.  That got results, lots of apologies,  £65 compensation and - eventually - the cheque for the closure balance.  Only took a month.  And I'll never trust Santander again for insisting on sending a cheque to an obsolete address.  I can think of no reason why they would do that - and why make a healthy account dormant - other than to hang on to customers' money.   Santander are just far too difficult to deal with.            
                Was charged £65 for going overdrawn £18 card should have been declined as there was not enough funds and I would have used other one, £5 a day for being overdrawn , they did not tell me I was. They told me I should be gratefully they let me go overdrawn. Abbey national was great, this lot are common criminals            
                Santander in Newcastle-under-lyme is a bit away from my place. Booked two weeks back to see a certain ------ at 11:00. Went to Newcastle an hour early with my little kid and was told that they have double booked. We came first but she waited and wanted to see the other one. Opening a personal account won't take 15 minutes of her time compared to 2 hours lost + petrol and parking for myself.I was offered another appointment but I think never again will be the answer. If they can't walk an extra mile for customers then there is no point spending time with this people.I guess I will stay with my current bank.            
                We changed to the 123 account as were attracted to the high interest rate offered and all the cash back for something that we do every month and can honestly say have have no issues with any of it.  We get an average of £40.00 each month for doing nothing other than leaving some of our savings in - no issues what so ever and would rate this account very highly compared to all the other banks out there.            
                Received a letter stating as my elderly relative's account had not been used since 2002 , they had placed it in Dormant accounts which means No more communication from them, the account contains a 5 figure sum and was in an abby national savings account still receiving interest from Santander, No warning , just stating they had done it , when you phone you get lousy service was told the holder should go to branch to get it live again, I told them the holder was 90 years old and house bound, but absolutely no understanding or apology, just dogma from a pre printed card in front of them ,I have escalated it up the tree but its such lousy service I doubt will get any sensible answer , I warned them if I don't get satisfaction I will transfer to another bank but still no answer.Banks say the want savings , but its evident this Bank doesn't.!!Any elderly customers with old Abby National savings accounts take my advice move them, and anyone dealing with the death of someone in the family check for old documents from Abby national , claim  it from Santander, don't think your relative may have had the money and may have spent it .This treatment is the nearest treatment to Theft of their customers money.This is the second time I have experienced this under handed move, by transferring to Dormant, the last time they didn't even inform me the other account  was made dormant.If you think that leaving a sum of money in Santander for a rainy day is safe, it isn't .A lot of elderly customers leave large sums of money thinking its safe , and when the urgently need it they can withdraw the money , truth is they may have already made it Dormant and you don't know, which means blocking any withdraws or deposits, Santander must have hundreds if not thousands of such accounts where the customers, or their remaining family are unaware , just because Santander placed it in Dormant, and then never ever send any more information, shoving the responsibility on the old persons.Its a shocking indictment of a bank with absolutely no moral code or consideration for elderly customers. They need to be investigated by the FSA.            
                Incompetent and system based responses. Needs 3 phone calls to get to a branch. Never admit errors. Apologies that "you are unhappy" but not for their failures. Not really an online bank at all. Any queries mean you have to be referred to a branch. Who will tell you that they can't help because you need to contact them online. No problem paying money in but impossible to get it out without closing the account.DONT BE TEMPTED BY INTEREST RATE PROMISES> YOU WONT STAY LONG ENOUGH TO GET ANY.            
                my sons account has had a block on it since Fridaythey have messed him about a cheeky girl in south shields branch asked him if he pays tax how dare she !!!!been in touch with ombudsmen he has to cancel his holiday due to no funds ombudsmen reassured him Santander will compensate this, however this is not the point from a fuming customer due to close my account asap            
                ok you get 3% on 123 current account which is good but if you buy something over £2000 using the card it gets rejected and will only be approved after you phone them to verify you had made the purchase which is costly using your mobile..security might be correctly put in place but they only contact you by text or automated phone call many hours after to verify payment.. poor service considering other banks send texts within seconds and keep the purchase on hold rather than reject them.Santander are poorly maintained and need to get into the modern world with up to date computerised methods when checking expensive purchases before rejecting them with their 'security' excuses.I stay because of the good interest rates on current accounts..I also mention that the Financial Ombudsman are of no help as they agree with Santander's method of causing embarrassing rejected payments in shops etc..they need to get into the modern world as well.I now have the same problem with faster payments and no one answering my messages via secure on line messagingthis bank is absolutely incompetent when it comes to customer service            
                This bank does not care about customers. All of their staff is completely incompetent, most of them do not know how to comprehend what they read. They email, and say things and do not stand behind what they commit to. Employees their have titles and pass the buck without standing behind anything. You can't even reach their customer service # written on a commercial mortgage statement. Most times you call it rings once, answers and then hangs up. It almost seems that the management hates customers and trains the employees to do anything possible to make problems for customers. I have a $2.3 million dollar commercial loan that does not get serviced professionally. I sent in third party checks for Principal only payments made to the bank based upon previous acceptance and complete approval of management to do so. They just accepted this type of payment 6 months ago after giving me a hard time and acknowledgement that i can do this in the future. I spoke to the same person involved 6 months ago telling her I was doing it again and had several checks totaling $490,000 from a sale of real estate made out to Santander which cannot be deposited at any branch. I can only give it to the branch for them to send it to Brooklyn where they service this type of loan. Now they are denying allowing this payment and just sit with $500,000 of checks made out to them risking the chance of checks clearing when presented. No employee has any sense of responsibility or stands behind anything. The employees are like a bunch of children. I risk these checks clearing because of them. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS BANK AT ALL.            
                So, we know the Bank of England rate has been at 0.5% for the last 4 years. Not good news for savers admittedly but much better if you are borrowing.But it does beg the question as to why Santander's Standard Variable Rate is 4.74% - that's 4.24% above!!Try phoning the mortgage advice line and ask something like 'What's 2 + 2?". Well if it's not on their script, how could they possible answer?Don't think I'll go near them with a barge pole.            
                Never bank with this bank, I've trying to move to the RBS for 8 weeks on a 7 day switch Santander keep rejecting it. But the banks charges keep going on so far £217, financial ombudsman now involved.            
                crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crapuseless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,uselesstrying to deal with this system makes you want to kill someone. crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crapuseless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,uselesstrying to deal with this system makes you want to kill someone. crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crap,crapuseless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,useless,uselesstrying to deal with this system makes you want to kill someone.            
                Because as soon as Abbey National turned into Santander, it got worse and worse. Now all these bellends do is try to sell you products at the counter and tout their 1,2,3 credit card.Hideous bank and the worst customer service of any company I've ever dealt with. Rude, arrogant and poorly educated staff. Avoid this bank at all costs. I used to have my current and savings accounts as well as my credit card with them and I moved it all to First Direct who are brilliant. Santander should be ashamed of themselves.            
                I will copy my BBB current complaint.COMPLAINT ACTIVITY REPORT  Case	BBB Serving Dallas and Northeast TexasConsumer Info:	Tinoco, Allan	Business Info: Santander Consumer USA, Inc.		Location Involved:	(Same as above)Consumer's Original Complaint :Has not provided reason for excess charges on auto loan they purchased from Citifinancial.I called them because my loan matures in March 2014 and the math on my statement did not match up. When I called I explained to them that my loan matures in March but after March I will still owe 3222.95 left. The lady seemed like she had no clue how to respond. Without listening to my concern, she then decides to just email me my payment history. My loan was originally with Citifinancial and was bought by Santander. As she is speaking to me I was trying to explain to her that I am reviewing the statement she sent but all she kept saying was "review your statement and call us back" I said "Ma'am I AM reviewing my statement and I don't understand it so why am I calling back? She said again, "Review your statement and call us back" I immediately told her I wanted to speak to a manager because I got the impression that she was just trying to get my off the phone. When the manager got on the phone it just got worse. She would not allow me to talk and acted as if was on mute and did not stop talking when I was trying to ask questions. Her conversation was all financial jargon and seemed like a scheme to make me say "UGHHH ok, I understand" She said, "pull your bank statements and if you have information to prove these late payments were not legitimate we will adjust your account." So, I decided to do as she said and unfortunately my bank only goes as far as 36 months and I needed to go back 5 years. I had to pay 30 dollars to get my statements beyond 36 months to 5 years. After reviewing line by line I provided all the proof I had that proves everything they said was false. I provided them a letter, bank statements highlighting all payments and the statement they sent me to a fax number provided by the company during the phone conversation. A over a week went by and not an email or any response confirming they revived my fax or anything. Today I put all my paperwork in an envelope sending it certified mail with signed receipt mailed back to me. I never chose this company this company chose me and they are ripping people off by confusing them. Many complaints have been filed and consumers are not ratted fair and it seems that there is no resolution with this company. Consumer's Desired Resolution:They need to adjust my account and provide all and any explanation for the additional $3,222.95 added to my account. That amount left over is around 25% of my total loan and their business practices are cheating hard working people without any explanation why. Many complaints I have reviewed coincide with my complaint and this is NOT an isolated incident.BBB Processing 09/28/2013	  web	BBB	Case Received by BBB09/30/2013	  will	BBB	Case Reviewed by BBB09/30/2013	  Otto	EMAIL	Send Acknowledgement to Consumer09/30/2013	  Otto	EMAIL	Notify Business of Dispute10/05/2013	  	BBB	MORE INFO RECEIVED FROM THE CONSUMER : All information was provided by Santander Bank Statements:	Payments added up from Santander Statements:	Original loan amount----------------------------------------------------------------------$15,840.21	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	Total payments based on Santander statements----------------------------------$22,547.02	Payments left based on maturity--------------------------------------------------------$1,401.63	Total--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------$23,611.62	Explanation: 	DEC (390.54) +JAN (337.03) +FEB (337.03) +MAR (337.03) = $1,401.63	Interest rate not including unexplained extra amount:	23611.62-15840.21=7771.41.7771.41/15840.21=49 percent interest rate!! (Not including an extra $3,222.95 they are saying I owe)	Interest rate including unexplained amount:	23611.62+3222.95(Unexplained)= $26,834.57-$15,840.21=$10,994.36/15840.21= 70 percent interest rate!	You have got to be kidding me! This is UNSAT and needs to be corrected ASAP. This CANNOT be legal!10/15/2013	  WEB	BBB	RECEIVE BUSINESS RESPONSE : ***Also sent email to BBB with response and attachments. 	 	October 15, 2013		Dear Mr.:	 	We have received your complaint filed with the Better Business Bureau regarding the above referenced account number. Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.  	We understand from your correspondence that you are disputing your current account balance with Santander Consumer USA Inc. (SCUSA).  Please be advised that we have investigated this matter and offer the following response.	Our records show that you entered into a Retail Installment Contract (Contract) with Duval Ford on March 13, 2008 to purchase a 2004 Ford Explorer financed in the amount of $15,840.21 at an annual percentage rate of 15.00%. The Contract disclosed a term of 72 monthly payments of $337.03, which began on April 27, 2008. The maturity date was originally set for March 27, 2014.  By signing the Contract, you agreed to all terms and conditions as set forth by the Contract agreement. CitiFinancial (Citi) was the assignee and lender of the Contract. 	On September 6, 2010, SCUSA began servicing the Contract.  Please note a letter was sent to you regarding SCUSA becoming a servicer for Citi accounts.  The service transfer did not affect the current terms of the Contract. 	Please accept the following explanation as it pertains to the remaining balance on your account. As stated in the Contract, your account is calculated using the Simple Interest Method. This means the balance accrues interest on a daily basis and assumes you will make your payments on the scheduled due date. The amount of interest accrued daily can vary based on the amount of the principal balance and the number of days between payments. 	If you pay late, are granted an extension/deferment, and/or change the due date, more interest will accrue, resulting in unpaid principal at the end of the loan term.  This means the principal balance is reduced slower and more interest is paid over the duration of the account.	Please note payments are due on the due date set forth in the Contract and late fees may be assessed when the account becomes 10 days or more delinquent. Our records indicate you have submitted 61 regular monthly payments to this account, of these, 13 were paid 10 days or more past the scheduled due date. As a result of these late payments, the account has been assessed 13 late charges. You have also submitted two (2) payments which were returned by your banking institution due to non-sufficient funds (NSF).  These late payments and NSF payments resulted in additional accrued interest between these payment dates which affected the reduction of the principal balance owed.  	Our records further show that the account was granted four (4) payment deferrals.  The deferral dates and reasons are specified below:	*	September 22, 2008 (2) - Reason - Hurricane Gustave	*	June 30, 2009 (2) - Reason- Deployment	These payments were not waived; they were added to the end of the Contract term.  Please note interest does not stop accruing when there has been a deferral granted on the account and there is no grace period for accrual of interest.	In addition, on November 19, 2008 a due date change was granted to your account. Payments were changed from being due on the 27th to the 15th of each month.   This due date change allowed you to skip the payment due for November 2008. This payment was not waived; it was added to the end of your contract term and became part of the principal balance.  Please note, due to the due date change, additional time past between the submission of payments which resulted in the accrual of more interest.  Like deferrals/extensions, interest does not stop accruing when there has been a due date change granted on the account, and there is no grace period for accrual of interest.	As stated above, the amount of interest accrued daily can vary based on the amount of the principal balance and the number of days between payments.  In addition, interest starts accruing on the date the Contract is signed. The Contract was signed on March 13, 2008, your first payment was due on April 27th 2008; however, Citi received the first payment on May 10, 2008 which was a total of 58 days from the date the Contract was signed. As a result, the first payment was credited towards the interest balance.	Please note that the principal balance reported on your account is the principal balance excluding accrued interest. Further, the balance of $1,401.63 you calculated by taking your payment of $390.54 due for December 2013 and $337.03 times the remaining scheduled 3 payments for January, February and March 2014 does not equal the correct payoff.  Missing from your calculated amount were the deferred payments, NSF payments, skipped payment due to due date change and late charges and interest.  	SCUSA has verified that the account balance is accurate. As described above there was a remaining balance due to the account being granted 4 deferments, due date change, 2 NSF's, late payments and late charges that were assessed to the account. Please note the payment pattern determines when the account will be paid off; had we received each of the payments by the due date set forth in the Contract, the account would have been on track to be paid in full by the original maturity date as stated in the Contract.	As of the date of this letter, the account balance is $4,624.58 and is current.  The last payment posted to the account was a payment on September 13, 2013 in the amount of $400.00 and was credited to the October 2013 payment and partially credited to the November 2013 payment.  The remainder of November's payment is due on November 15, 2013 in the amount of $100.61. 	We hope that the written explanation we have provided above regarding the account activity is helpful to you in further understanding how simple interest works and how it affects the balance on a daily basis. Please note that SCUSA has no hidden fees that have been assessed on the account. We kindly remind you that SCUSA abides by the Contract terms.  	Enclosed you will find a copy of your conversion letter, Contract and payment history, which validates the debt serviced by SCUSA and the amount currently owed.	We make every attempt to work with our customers to achieve the best service possible and their concerns and experiences are of the utmost importance to us.  If you have any further questions please contact our Customer Service Department at 1 (888) 222-4227.	Sincerely, 	SANTANDER CONSUMER USA, INC.	Enclosures  10/15/2013	  LAY	EMAIL	Forward Business response to Consumer10/16/2013	  WEB	BBB	CUSTOMER DISSAT - MEMBER COMPANY - BBB REVIEW : (The consumer indicated he/she DID NOT accept the response from the business.)	I would like to address the response from Santander Consumer USA Inc. All information herein can be substantiated with documentation. It is correct that I entered into a retail Installment (contract) with Duval Ford on March 13, 2008 in the purchase of a 2004 Ford Explorer Sport Trac. The amount of $15,840.21 is at an annual percentage rate of 15.00% with a term of 72 months of payments in the amount of $337.08. Your records of 61 monthly payments to the account starts this response as inaccurate as the record can show that on your web site 68 payments have been made. This information can be found simply by logging into my account. I would like an explanation to that as well. Here are the facts, I would like to reiterate that all information to verify my rebuttal can be provided and has been provided to your company via certified mail on September 30, 2013. 	LATE PAYMENTS	My contract states that the first payment was April 27, 2008. A payment was made May 13, 2008 (16 days late) $31.80 above the regular payment amount of $337.03. The next payment was due May 27, 2008. A payment was made July 22, 2008 (25days late) $77.92 above the regular payment amount. The next payment was due June 27, 2008. A payment was made July 16, 2008 for the regular amount (19days late). All late payments hereafter were with a due date change from the 27th to the 15th of every month. A payment was made January 27, 2009 (12 days late) $77.92 above the regular payment amount. A payment was made February 18, 2009 (3 days late) -$64.56 below the regular scheduled payment. A payment was made March 18th, 2009 (3 days Late) -$15.62 below the regular scheduled amount. A payment was made April 24, 2009 (9 days late) $7.86 above the regular scheduled amount. A payment was made on July 1, 2009 (16days late) $14.95 above the regular scheduled payment amount.  Additional payments on the accounts where payments were over the regular payments total $130.27 including payments that were below the regular scheduled payment bringing the total late payments to eight (8). August and September payments will be defined below under payment deferrals. December payment was waived because of due date changes.	PAYMENT DEFFERALS 	Based on the response from your company I am going to assume that when you stated "granted four (4) payment deferrals"  That by only listing two (2) months (September 22,2008(2) and June 30,2009(2)) The two in parenthesis i.e. (2) represents the number of months deferred bringing the total amount of months to four (4). Let's assume this scenario, your definition of payment deferral as provided by your response, "are granted an extension/deferment, and/or change the due date, more interest will accrue, resulting in unpaid principal at the end of the loan term."  I will assume again, extensions granted, September 22, 2008 covered August and September 2008. Now, the two payments from the August and September 2008 total $674.06 (August Payment $337.03+ September payment $337.03) was deferred. The $674.06 total does not include any additional charges from which I have yet to receive a break down or an explanation on any interest or charges that were in addition to the $674.03 deferred.	DUE DATE CHANGES	Recap so far, eight (8) late charges and deferment for two (2) months and one (1) month waived. Based on your response "Payments were changed from being due on the 27th to the 15th of each month. This due date change allowed you to skip the payment due for November 2008. This payment was not waived; it was added to the end of your contract term and became part of the principal balance" Fact, a payment in the amount of $368.83 was made on November 10, 2008 $31.80 above the regular payment amount and the month waived was December 2008. Total so far (August 2008 payment $337.03 + September 2008 payment $337.03 deferred) +December payment waived ($337.03) + unknown fees (late charges and interest.i.e.) = $1,011.99 - $130.27 (overpayments in May 13, 2008 $31.80 + July 22, 2008 $77.92 + January 27, 2009 $77.92 - February 18, 2009 -$64.56 - March 18th, 2009 -$15.62 + April 24, 2009 $7.86 + July 1, 2009 $14.95 + November 10, 2008 $31.80= $162.07) = $849.92. This total INCLUDES underpayments for February 18, 2009 and March 18, 2009 but does NOT include hidden fees your company has still failed to provide i.e. late charges and interest rates.	DUE DATE CHANGES CONT'D	1)	Eight (8) late charges	2)	Two (2) month deferred 	3)	One (1) month waived because of due date changed from 27th to 15th of every month 	"Please note, due to the due date change, additional time past between the submission of payments which resulted in the accrual of more interest"	 Please explain the math involved with this using my scenario and plugging in my numbers. Words don't provide me numbers to show reasoning.	"Is the principal balance excluding accrued interest. Further, the balance of $1,401.63 you calculated by taking your payment of $390.54 due for December 2013 and $337.03 times the remaining scheduled 3 payments for January, February and March 2014 does not equal the correct payoff"	Yes, I know this, hence the reason I am requesting a breakdown from your company so you can EXPLAIN where you get this correct payoff balance	"Missing from your calculated amount were the deferred payments, NSF payments, skipped payment due to due date change and late charges and interest."	I have forwarded my bank statements to your company. Please show me where an NSF was incurred.	"Our records further show that the account was granted four (4) payment deferrals. The deferral dates and reasons are specified below"	*	June 30, 2009 (2) - Reason- Deployment	This payment was NEVER deferred. I ask your company to review this for accuracy. If you would review your own company's payment statement which can be pulled up from my account it will show that a deferment was NEVER done in June 2009. At this point in time, I had set up an Automatic withdraw from my Navy Federal account and all payments since June 2009 were automatically drafted out of my account in anticipation of deployment and were and STILL being paid on the 15th of every month.	FACTS	Santander states: Four (4) deferments	Reality:  Two (2) months deferred (August 2008 and September 2008)	Santander States: Thirteen (13) late payments	Reality:  Eight (8) late payments	May 13, 2008 (16 days late) / June 22, 2008 / July 16, 2008 / January 27, 2009 / February 18, 2009 / March 18th, 2009 / April 24, 2009 / July 1, 2009.	It is imperative that your company provides FACTS on the additional Five (5) late payments. There is no documentation that can substantiate this. I have documentation that discredits your claim and I have and can provide this information.	TOTAL AMOUNTS NOT INCLUDING HIDDEN FEES	-$849.92 (explanation is stated above. No answer on interest rate, late fees, i.e.)	OVERPAYMENTS	Payments made from July 15th 2009 were all auto drafted from my Navy Federal account and paid on time. Below are ALL overpayments made since this date:	July 13th 2012 paid $400.00--------------- ($62.97 overpayment)	August 15th 2012 paid $400.00-----------($62.97 overpayment)	September 14th 2012 paid $400.00------ ($62.97 overpayment)	October 15th 2012 paid $500.00----------($162.97 overpayment)	December 14th 2012 paid $400.00-------($62.97 overpayment)	February 15th 2013 paid $400.00---------($62.97 overpayment)	April 15th 2013 paid $400.00--------------($62.97 overpayment)	May 15th 2013 paid $400.00---------------($62.97 overpayment)	June 14th 2013 paid $400.00---------------($62.97 overpayment)	July 15th 2013 paid $500.00----------------($162.97 overpayment)	August 15th 2013 paid $400.00------------($62.97 overpayment)	OVERPAYMENTS CONT'D	September 13th 2013 paid $400.00-------($62.97 overpayment)	October 15th 2013 paid $500.00-----------($162.97 overpayment)	TOTAL OVERPAYMENTS----------------------$1,118.61	BREAK DOWN WITHOUT UNKNOWN FEES FROM SANTANDER	Original Loan amount---------------------------$15,840.21	Payments already made to Santander-------$23,047.02 (As of OCT 2013)	Maturity payments left--------------------------$4,185.40 (As per Santander NOT including unknown interest)	TOTAL ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------$27,232.42	Total sales price based on contract---------------------------------------------$24,266.16	Charges left over from deferments and waivers---------------------------- ($849.92)	Amount over original contract excluding addition unknown fees----   $2,111.16 (OVER)	"SCUSA has verified that the account balance is accurate."	This account is NOT accurate and need to be reevaluated.	"We hope that the written explanation we have provided above regarding the account activity is helpful to you in further understanding how simple interest works and how it affects the balance on a daily basis."	Please sho10/16/2013	  	BBB	MORE INFO RECEIVED FROM THE CONSUMER : "We hope that the written explanation we have provided above regarding the account activity is helpful to you in further understanding how simple interest works and how it affects the balance on a daily basis."	Please show me where in this explanation you EVEN discuss anything about interest that involves something other than the WORD interest.  This response comes nowhere near a breakdown of interest based on MY numbers it only speaks of the word interest and inaccuracies. Please have your company reevaluate this claim and establish a more concrete explanation. I do not accept this response.10/17/2013	  OttO	EMAIL	Customer Dissat Notice to Company10/17/2013	  OttO	BBB	BBB Review Consumers Response10/17/2013	  	BBB	MORE INFO RECEIVED FROM THE CONSUMER : In addition to my complaint, I would like for your company to explain why has my loan with Santander recently been removed from my credit report?            
                So not only has it taken a week for my cheque to clear but its now Friday and I won't have money till Monday or Tuesday I have rent to pay and a child on the way! not only that you keep taking money out my account and putting charges that you are causing by taking money that I do not have. I am now sick to death of this and I swear if you don't deal with this by today I'm shutting down my account and you can kiss me arse!            
                Often encouraged when there are queues at the counter at Santander if depositing a cheque, to use their in-branch envelope into box, cheque deposit scheme.  I have previously been quite wary of this as no actual receipt is given.  But this week I gave in..... the next day the deposit did not appear on my statement, I called Santander they said it would be there by the close of the day.  Needless to say it wasn't, so again the next morning I made the same call and was told it takes 5 days to appear! - when you pay in at counter it appears the same day!  I complained and was transferred to another member of staff who actually rang the bank while I held on (all my phone calls!).  I was transferred again to the Assistant Manager who said he'd look into it and call me back.  He did call back 10 minutes later and said it had been a bank "error" and when it had cleared wherever they had put it, it would then appear in my account in about 5 days!!!!  Brilliant service.  Always pay in at the counter!!!!!!!!            
                Really surprised at the bad reviews, I have both current account and mortgage with Santander. Their website is really user friendly and online banking with them is a doddle. Their customer services are great too, I am never put endlessly on hold and the staff are friendly, polite and efficient. I have had my mortgage with them for 7 years without a hitch and my bank account for 2 years, once again its been plain sailing all the way and I get great interest on my balance. So well done Santander - at least you have one very happy customer.            
                on two occasions recently i have tried to transfer funds on line once for a new car and once for some holiday money. Both times the transactions have been blocked by Santander security even though they text me a security code. ok i will ring them and see what the problem is. Not a chance! it seems that as i am an ex Alliance and Leicester customer i am not on their system for telephone inquiries all i get is enter your date of birth on a continues loop. If they are going to block a payment why don't they let me know?            
                Dislike the functionalities of the website. Looks very outdated, they need a new site. Logging in is hard worth with awful password system!            
                HAVING HAD  MY  SANTANDER ACCOUNT LOCKED  FOR  GOD ONLY  KNOWS WHAT REASON THIS TIME    I RANG THE SANTANDER INTERNET  HELP  DESK, ONLY  TO  BE  ASKED  AS  PART  OF THE  SECURITY QUESTIONS  HOW MUCH  A  RECENT  STANDING ORDER WAS  FOR....HAVING TRIED TO  EXPLAIN TO THE PERSON ON THE PHONE THAT  I COULD NOT POSSIBLY  KNOW  THIS  AS  THE ORDER WENT OUT THE PREVIOUS DAY, THE SAME DAY  THAT I WAS LOCKED OUT MY ACCOUNT !  I WAS INFORMED THAT I  HAD FAILED SECURITY, BUT I COULD RING BACK AND ANSWER DIFFERENT QUESTIONS.  HAVING RANG BACK I ENDED UP TALKING TO THE SAME PERSON  ( GRAHAM), WHO OBVIOUSLY  LACKING IN ANY INTELLEGENCE  ASKED ME THE SAME QUESTION HE HAD ASKED 3 MINUTES EARLIER!  .., AND SEEMED TO GET SOME SORT OF CHEAP THRILL FROM  TELLING ME I HAD FAILED SECURITY AGAIN...I AM STILL LOCKED OUT OF MY BUSINESS AND  I LOOK LIKELY TO REMAIN THAT WAY  UNTILL SOMEONE WITH SOME COMMON SENSE RINGS ME.......IS THERE  SUCH A PERSON AT SANTANDER?            
                Ever since Alliance & Leicester became Santander, my family and I have had nothing but trouble with our accounts.  The latest ones were my mum and I were in our local branch depositing money into an ISA she and my gran share because my gran is housebound, and because no one had deposited anything in just over a year, my gran had to sign a form, so they gave us a form to sign and we took it to her and she signed it.  A week later she got a phone call from the branch manager saying the cashier had given her the wrong form and because she is housebound would be coming to her flat to get her to sign it!  I wasn't there at the time, so no one could let her in when she pressed the buzzer, plus my gran doesn't allow anyone in if myself or my mum are not there.  She has now had the form posted to her, which she had to post back at her expense.  Another problem we faced on the same day as trying to deposit money into the ISA was my gran's account in trust for my cousin.  She had one for each of her grandkids, and when his sister and myself were 18 she gave us the money.  The reason it was easy for us was because it was still Alliance & Leicester.  The staff told us my gran would have to come into the branch with ID to prove that she was who she said she was to get the money in the form of a cheque to put in another account and give to him.  How the hell is she supposed to do that when she is housebound, which we stated to them several times but they still kept asking if she could get out the house!  Eventually they told us she'd have to write a letter with her signature and we would have to show a card with her signature on it as proof, and we did that the Friday after.  We were told it would take several working days to get the cheque, so they would send it to us and should be in sometime this week.  It still hasn't arrived.  If my cousin's money is missing there is guaranteed to be a fight, and my gran is extremely generous, so I bet if she couldn't get the money from the account she'd give him money from her own savings to replace it.  Santander are the worst bank in existence, their staff are pushy and don't understand what you are telling them half the time and the dividends my mum and gran receive are worthless (the last being 21p)!  I'm planning to move my savings account and my bond to the TSB as soon as my bond matures, the TSB have been fantastic to my family for generations and whenever I go into the branch they don't try to get you to change your account into something else, unlike Santander who will try to get you to take an account that you're not even eligible for!  I don't trust them any more, and I wish I could move my bond right now, but I have to wait a year and a half. :(            
                I have been banking with these for over 23 years then one day. i had never been overdrawn before. untill one day i went overdrawn by £1 something and since then iv had over 300 pound took a month for being overdrawn. i have phoned them near enough every day for the past year they have told me they would stop the bank charges but a week later they take double. Today i phoned up and asked to pay back the bank charges in installments as i have to take my child to hospital and need money for travel and they refused and hung up leaving me with 30 pound to pay bills and travel where travel its self is at least 40 pound. all i get is lies broken promises. I also tried to cancel my account today and they said what would you like to do with the remaining money in my account i said could i transfer it into another account and they said we need proof of that it is you ( baring in mind i had been on the phone for at least half an hour and answered  numerous amount of security questions in the end he hung up. Complete incompetent and to make matter worse they cant even change my address properly iv changed that numerous amount of times and it still says on the systems my old address.            
                what I bunch of muppets the manged to cancel my card while I was on holiday due to Fraud. I have been a victim of fraud in the past but they never seemed to care thenWill be moving to Metro Bank in the near future            
                I consider myself a very patient individual. But Santander's customer services is really something that makes you want reach through the phone, grab the necks on the other side and squeeze until you hear nothing of that polite voice endlessly repeating the same stupid scripts not really listening to your problem. Absolutely, utterly shockingly unhelpful and poor service.            
                In short, Santander service me for personal and business banking. Whilst they are not malicious their service is pretty damn sloppy a lot of the time especially at lower ranks of staff level. I have experienced issue after issue but nothing improves. The latest issue involved locking me out of internet banking for two weeks due to a week internet signal in Greece and then suggesting I cant remember my login details I've used hundreds of times. Their staff just hang up on people when it gets hot in the kitchen and their head of UK banking said when I challenged their current 1.9 out of 10 customer reviews: 'I am aware of the various polls, surveys and social media references to Santander and many show that we are making significant progress in our customer service'. I'd hate to see when they were making poor progress! Not only dismissing poor service, I was also informed 'if you remain unhappy with our response here, I would suggest that you make alternative banking arrangements for your business.' Very charming! I would be attempted to avoid.            
                i use online banking...entered pin incorrectly...got blocked....asked for new pin.....wait...wait....new pin arrives after 7 days....entered it but account still blocked....get told to wait for new ID ...because original dippy woman took it upon herself to block account and issue new pin..AND...new ID....new ID arrives today....but no joy....get told to wait for new pin!!!!!...and destroy old 'new' pin!!!! what is going on????...paranoia at santander it seems to me.....do they have any idea of the chaos and hassle their over complicated and trigger happy system causes their customeers?....do they even care?....after 10 days of no online bank I am at my wits end as I have bills to pay and money to transfer....please for the sake of sanity make it simple and customer friendly.........Update:..day 15 and still no id..I phoned them and they say they will repost one to me....for pity's sake...I only want a new pin..not a new identity, passport,or political asylum!!!!!....why could i not just get one from a santander atm using my still valid bank card and pin????????...or would that be too simple an answer!!!...someone needs to kick ass with santander....before we all go mad at numerical frustrations.....!!!            
                Had a current account, multiple outgoing large transfers from my account had apparently vanished and only showed up after months (very distressing) which was bad enough but what really took the cake was when they said an "unusual" transfer was made and blocked my account!!!!! I was in disbelief, over many decades of banking with many banks never has a bank said an "unusual" transfer occurred, I phoned them they said I had to come into the branch I said no because there was no problem except their overactive security systems and paranoia, they said they will not unblock my account then so I angrily agreed, they made me wait hours then "UV scanned" my passport and said my passport may be fake!  I told them I traveled to multiple countries on the same passport with no problems, she was insulting and arrogant, at one point she actually called me "dumb" for visiting at a busy time!!!!!  Their employees seem to live in a James Bond movie I was so angry I told them I wanted to close my account because I have never dealt with such insulting delusional paranoid people and I've dealt with many people, they said NO!!! They wouldn't even allow me to close my account!!!  I went home upset and in disbelief then I sent a long letter to their HQ threatening legal action, they replied that they would close my account but refused a penny of compensation.  If you want to deal with arrogant people who may force you to go to their branch over a petty normal transfer which they consider "unusual" and wait hours then they may insult you and follow paranoid delusional James Bond company policies then they refuse to even close your account when you get sick and tired of them then bank with these guys AVOID!            
                If Santander wish to implement new systems throughout, they should ensure employees and management are adequately trained.  yeah, the world is going digital,Santander is going confused.com. I was told to visit my branch,,,,4,,,times, what a palaver!!!!!!  then they blocked my onlline account, all because I wanted to changemy mob nos. I feel for all the customers who rely on the online (so called service) whoare unable to get  to the nearest branch. I'm out of this.  I would advise all customers,Your money would be safer and more accessable, under your matress.  carol mccaig.            
                Unacceptable service. I made an international transfer on the 19th of July and to this date, the money hasn't arrived yet. The money in not on holdings or anywhere else, it just "disappeared".I'm not the first person that have had this experience. Do not recommend this bank at all.            
                My husband and I started banking with Girobank in 1987, this became Alliance & Leicester, then Santander.  In all that time we have never been overdrawn and have always run our accounts carefully.  Following the maturity of an endowment policy we currently have over £100,000 in one of the accounts and wish to use £78000 of it to pay off our mortgage.  Basically Santander are refusing to transfer the money!  The money is there, it is cleared funds, we have passed all the telephone security questions but they have told us there is simply no way to transfer this money to our mortgage lender.  They want us to write a cheque (not even sure we have a chequebook for this account) but our mortgage lender says they don't accept cheques for mortgage closures as redemption figures are only valid for one week and it takes longer than that for the cheque to be processed. Santander seem to have forgotten just who this money belongs to!As soon as we have worked out just how to get our money we will be closing all Santander accounts and making alternative arrangements.            
                Santander is the worst bank out there for customer service.  I have had numerous problems over the years and they are absolutely apalling at dealing with any issues or helping to resolve problems.   Recently I booked a flight for my daughter and the transaction was cancelled by Santander less than 24 hours before the flight left.  My daughter was already at the airport. This transaction was successful when I booked the flight!  I have had credit card transactions declined for no reason, especially whilst abroad, even though I've informed them where and when I'm travelling.  Incorrect charges, pins not working, even correspondence sent to me with incorrect account details on.   Their customer service is terrible.  You do not get callbacks when promised and robots on the end of the phone if you can get to speak to someone.  Multiple problems with their Internet banking with accounts disappearing for no reason. I have had large amounts deposited to my accounts which don't show up for days.  I am absolutely sick of the stress caused by their incompetence and intend to remove all my accounts ASAP.  GO TO FIRST DIRECT, THEY ARE EXCELLENT            
                I wanted to transfer money out of my account. I tried to log is as usual but it wouild not accept my pin number. After three attempts I phoned them. They answered after 10 mins. They said they would send me a new Pin Number which would take 5 to 7 working days, WHY. After seven working days, as I had counted, no new Pin number. Phoned them again, they said it had been sent but you do not count the day on which it was sent. I am still waiting and have not been able to access my account for 12 days. When I complained I spoke to someone who might just as well been a Robot, not interested. I unfortunately inherited Santander when they took over A+L. Shall be moving on as soon as possible. Customer Service terrible, although some people you first speak too seem reasonable, its further down the line who need sacking.            
                Had to give one star to rate but in my eyes they don't even deserve that. I honestly don't believe there is a single member of staff who gives a flying monkey about the standard of customer service they offer. I'm actually embarrassed to say this is my bank and I'm looking to switch. Service failure after service failure - which happens everywhere I suppose - is constantly met with horrendous communication, ignorance, and the most patronising platitudes which have left me feeling pretty angry tbh. Don't bank with these people if you like an easy life.            
                I used the santander cashpoint in Queens St, Cardiff today.  The cash didn't come out, although the machine was processing the payment as I originally requested £50, but there were no £10 notes, so the machine prompted me to withdraw either £60 or £40.  I opted for £40 plus receipt.My daughter went into the bank to ask for assistance, whilst I stayed at the cashpoint in case the cash came out later. The assistant informed my daughter they can't do anything.I went into the bank, and asked what the procedure was, i.e. do they look at the machine, or is there a number to contact.  The assistant advised me "I can't do anything, it's not my machine; but use another cashpoint if you like"The manager appeared and advised me that she has trained her staff to answer queries in this way..................please, please, please get these managers and employees trained and upskilled in how to provide customer service.They may not be in a position to give the customer what they want, but a polite attitude and at least a emphatic smile ...........I manage people, and consider customer service one of the highest priorities; it''s a real shame Santander don't mirror my process.            
                I have been with Santander/Abbey National since 1986.  My mortgage, savings etc are with them. They have no issues with the way I conduct my accounts. In November last year, they would not let me take out a reduced interest mortgage, despite the fact that such products were available. They would not give me an explanation and were rude, stating that there was nothing they could do. Avoid!!!!            
                My auto finance paper was sold to Santander.  It was for a 72-month period, yet I am making my 74th payment!  I had deferred some payments when I was out of work but have now made those.  So why am I still paying on this car?  Santander's accounting practices are shady and questionable.  I believe they are nothing but a bunch of thieves over there.  Also, I was given three different amounts I still owe:  $1567, $1620, and $1579.  It should be 0!!!            
                this company is so bad it is beyond belief.they stole money from my dead mothers accounts and accepted pension payments as well knowing she was dead and they have stolen them too, refusing to return the pension payments to the pension provider.Their customer services are a joke and there staff go way beyond rude and ignorant into a realm of their own. don't bank with them unless you want to ripped off and lied too and when you complain you will get treated even worse.            
                Santander offer great value for money, most especially with Mortgages. I have been using them for over 6 years, without any problems at all.The rate was 2% cheaper than RBS and there was no setup fee, which saved me a whopping £900.            
                No task with Santander is ever simple. A lot of the reviews on here are about big issues people have had with the bank, like mortgages and loans etc. But even the smallest issues just take excessively long to resolve. It is now the weekend but on Monday I will be going in for the 3 time to change my OTP number, despite having already had it confirmed the last time I went to the branch that this has been changed, it hasn't. In the past they've also blocked me account for no reason, the last time, it again took three visits to the branch to resolve. I should also add whilst I'm here that their international service is appalling, there is no way of registering that you will be using your card overseas for periods longer than 3 months, nor does online banking allow one to make international transfers, which other banks do. I only stay because my student loan is set up with them, and changing that has proved to be a nightmare, as soon as that is over however, I will be leaving immediately.            
                In my time with these people, I have had all my accounts locked for no reason, illegal charges and missing wages. On every occasion I have given up trying to get service and had to use the ombudsman. This bank have no systems at all and should be closed.            
                18 months if being pushed from department to department each one agreeing how poor the service is but all totally unable to help            
                Santander are a nightmare. I spent 18 months trying to get them to change my address and update my isa account. I made an official complaint and was sent an apology, but it went to my old address! So I decided to switch banks. I told Nationwide all about my problems and they have been amazingly helpful, ringing Santander and supporting me as I try to get the money across. Every time we try Santander come up with another reason why I can't have my money. The latest one is they have made my account dormant because I've not been using it! I rang once and Nationwide rang twice because we could not believe it! I've given up and I've asked the ombudsmen for help. It's been nearly 2 years of constant phone calls and letters and I'm further away than ever at getting it sorted.            
                I opened an ISA account two months ago and have had nothing but problems.  Several times they have been unable to process transfers to my current account and as a result I've incurred overdraft and interest charges.  I now have to waste my time going into a branch to remove the random block they've placed on me accessing my own money (without even having the courtesy to inform me), even though I opened the account over the internet and do not intend to use their branch banking services.  Made several complaints and all they do is promise to send me letters which never arrive. I really regret opening this account.  Looking to close it asap.            
                I have an ISA with Santander which I have tried to transfer to another provider, because Santander are paying £3.80 interest per year on £3800. I had lost the online login details and went to a Branch to enquire about the account. The Branch advisor stated that the account was empty and that I must have removed the balance or not put anything in. I then asked for a password reset by telephone, this arrived and after logging in all the money was there in the account. Santander have however rejected the transfer to another ISA provider as they state my address is incorrect on the account. I sent in an address change and they replied that they already had the correct address. There appears to be a deliberate attempt to obstruct the movement of my money to a new ISA paying interest. This is clearly totally inacceptable and I am being denied the opportunity to receive a proper rate of interest. This case is now being referred to the Banking Ombudsman along with all detail being provided to relevant press outlets. This Bank has no credibility and should be avoided like the plague!            
                I changed to Alliance & Leicester (from the awful NatWest) after the Santander takeover and before the re-brand. i bitterly regretted that decision for years as I had numerous difficulties and issues. Customer services was a misnomer. I can't even count the number of formal complaints I registered ( I got quite a few compensation payments as well).But over the last year or so, my perception has very significantly changed. I now have the best banking products available. My current account pays me 3% on £20k and up to 3% cashback on most household direct debits (no idea how they do that).. My Santander ISA is the best rate I could find for the terms I want. I have  a linked e-saver account, also paying a good rate (and you can start a new one every year) and with instant transfers to and from other accounts. The on-line and mobile banking works brilliantly, no recent problems at all -  and I use it a lot.Customer services is massively improved. EG I sent a secure message about forthcoming trip overseas. prompt reply saying all 3 cards have been flagged so I'll be safe to use overseas, but also including lots of advice about charges for using cards overseas, opting to pay in local currency and so on i.e. exceeding my expectations.Maybe I'm speaking too soon - and I note others' comments (though if you have to say "WTF" etc  in a  review, you are probably pretty difficult to deal with in person). But the last year has been pretty good, and I was pondering a 5 star rating, but some small points could be enhanced. I'd be happy recommending Santander  banking now.            
                I had a loan and mortgage with Santander and they have been the best company I have ever had to deal with.I would  recommend Santander to anyone, I have previously used Nat West, Northern Rock, First Direct, Bradford & Bingley and Barclays.Santanders banking is better than any others I have used, and I'm not getting paid for saying this..!!!            
                crap bank that is going to go bust very soon  - you have been warned            
                Applied online for a business bank account with these jerks, did not need an overdraft or anything, just a simple account. Had 10k in cash ready to deposit so we could purchase the stock to start up. They state they will get back to you within 5 days with a decision. So after 10 days with no reply I phoned them to see where they were, -"you have to email as it was an online application and they will get back to you", Hmmm... so 2 days later I got the usual automated "thanks for your enquirey, we will get back to you within 48 hours" WTF! Anyway they never did reply, so after waiting around an hour on the phone, finally spoke to a human who assured me the application was aproved and should be open with a week.To cut short 3 weeks later and after much chasing them, they declined the application with no reason. Not even an apology. So almost 5 weeks to get to this decision and completley screwed my business before I even started. AVOID!!!!!!!            
                Santander has recently been on a drive to offer some of the most competitive products on the High Street, so I thought I'd give give them a go, as I'd never been with Santander before (I'm about as loyal to banks as they are to their customers...) I find their customer service very poor, I tried to pay my credit card off via online banking (Santander CAccount to Santander CCard), but when the funds did not appear the next day, I was informed it can take up to 5 working days! They would not accept a BACS over the phone, and said there was nothing they could do. To change the direct debit to the credit card takes up to 8 weeks! I have never had any problems with a bank taking my money until I banked with Santander.            
                i have been with this bank for 10 years,complete nightmare!!!will never bank with them again,very stressful and confusing.customer service staff are beyond rude.            
                I tried to undertake a variety of transactions over the telephone in one day from a Santander account, including making a payment onto a Natwest credit card and my co-op mortgage, but after the first transaction I was told I couldn't make anymore transactions. Even though I passed all the security checks I was treated as suspicious and told I could not do anything else without going into a branch in a different town from where I live. In order to force me to make this trip into the branch to show them some photo ID, my attempts since to transfer my ISA and accounts have also been blocked. Any attempts to speak to a manager about this have been blocked and my complaints have been routinely dismissed. I will never bank with Santander again.            
                Last November Santander made a major error where they've closed an account in the joint names of my Mother (decease) and my father, told me that it was a dormant account in my Nan's name (decease) and paid the money into my account.Believing in good faith what they told me was true, I've spent the money.  5 months later my Dad tried to access his account only to be told they'd closed it.  Santander reinstated his account and returned the funds.  Yesterday (maurndy Thursday) they took £6000 out of my bank account making me £6000 overdrawn.  They gave me less than 1 weeks notice on what they were planning to do.  As soon as I received their letter on Monday, I spent a hour on the phone to them trying to raise a complaint ticket. I emailed them on Tuesday with all the details highlighting their gross incompetence which they ignored.  The email instructed them not to take any funds out of my account.Everyday this week I called then each phone call over an hour, and they told me someone would call me back before 6, no one ever did.  For 4 days no one would take responsibility for their error.  Only at 6pm last night did I get the name of the person looking into it.My account is now £6000 overdrawn, racking up charges everyday.Santander are one of the useless, most incompetence banks that has ever existed.  I urge anyone planning on opening an account with Santander.  DO NOT DO IT.  IF THEY CAN UNLAWFULLY TAKE MONEY OUT ON MY ACCOUNT, THEY CAN DO IT TO YOU.            
                Tried to close a savings account.  One counter open, every one else out the back somewhere and one person in little side office.  The young lady said i needed to phone a certain number and that i could use the bank phone as it was free.  I used the phone  and the representataive i spoke to asked if i had I.D., which i had (passport), this person said i needed to ask one of the staff to look at the passport and confirm it was me.  I asked the person dealing with me, she asked me to wait a minute, and she would get a member of staff.  A couple of minutes later she returned and went into the side office, then came back out  and said to me "sorry but we are too busy, you will have to make an appointment".  It would have taken ten seconds.            
                Open account for university wanted undergraduate account, promised interest free overdraft.Gave me wrong account, cancelled my overdraft and gave me charges!! If I had right account would have never happen. Tried to change to right account type, every time I went they said I needed something different. Would not let me change address, online banking is not convenient to set up and passwords only last for 24 hours because not letting me change address. I am not traveling about 70miles for a passwords. Went in branch to close account with everything they asked for and told me it was ok no problem I went visit my family and I get Santander letter saying I am over drawn and charged me fees.I called up communication between departments are very bad !! Actually no word could describe it ! Had to repeat so many details, slow, long waiting time and They said there was no proof of me going in to bank to do anything! If they ask for proof how come, when I have been in they don't give me proof ?? Matter still unsolved I have to keep calling.  I am university student being able to access my student loan and grant when needed is important! If your where my friend I would show you all the letters sent to me and strongly advise you to got with different bank! This bank likes to give different information each time!lucky in my university  there are people studying law and asking my friend in taking the right action so this doesn't happen to someone like me!  Do not join !!go with another bank!  easy quick, you can change your address as many times as you was at Barclays. You just need to prove you are you and that's it!  Banking online with them super easy and great mobile app!            
                Yesterday my online banking was blocked. Reluctantly I phoned Santander’s helpline to unblock it. Their helpline number, 0845, cost me money. To my horror, a credit agency, Experian, used by Santander has not been informed that  I was a Santander customer. Another excuse came up by Santander fraudulent department was that I recently changed my mobile phone. When I challenged the definition of the word, 'recently', and they said anything up to 3 months.So, I immediately reminded them that new and better smart phones coming out every few months.Anyhow, I have got a 123 current account, paying £2 monthly fee. So it seems that not only I have to pay a regular monthly fee for a current account, but also I need to pay extra phone bill.However, I have demanded a refund of £2.The refund of £2 would just cover the cost of phoning their helpline department. It covers neither the cost of Santander providing a poor service, nor  feeling of  humiliation, embarrassment and helplessness suffered by me.            
                After years of flawless cooperation (got very good credit ratting) they decided to cut my overdraft short in Octover / November 2011  (mind xmass closing in) without sending me a letter. Did shopping as usual and was hit with fees for going beyond the overdraft limit (as it went down from £500 > £100). After few phone calls and visits to branch, they decided to refund me over £100 and reinstated my overdraft to previous limit. So, had a bad experience but did recover. However, next year they cut the overdraft short again leaving me with low cash supply just before xmass.. not happy with them, this is not what I'm expecting from a bank! Moved to FirstDirect - so far so good, can't tell bad word.            
                AVOID AVOID AVOID. As a current Santander customer I tried to transfer to another of their products after constant adverts every time I used my online banking. It was meant to be straight forward. It was the exact opposite and no support is offered so after over 2 months I'm now stuck with 2 accounts, and all of the associated issues with debits, duplicating payments and trying to transfer everything myself. If this is how one of their own customers is treated, woe betide those who have moved form another bank. The entertainingly named "customer service dept" is nothing of the sort, with curt 2 line arrogant responses knowing full well that they have your money and that another account change will further knock credit rating making you look risky. AVOID AVOID AVOID            
                be warned if you think the deal sounds great being able to collect cash back reward points think again.  The one thing they do not make things clear to you on the site is that they charge an annual fee.  Yes it may be in the very small print, but this needs to be made much clearer, before we get credit checked !!!!  The fee of £24 charged straight away when you get the card, so you are scammed.  No point collecting a few quid of rewards when you have to pay for it at the start !!!  MAKE IT CLEARER ON APPLICATIONS.  I am in the process of getting this reported to the FSA            
                I have a loan and credit card with this company. I have received a great service and switching to their credit card will save me alot of money. The transfer went through quickly, customer service was great as they explained everything clearly including telling me the actual fee and double checking I was happy to continue with the transfer. I have read alot of negative reviews however my experiences with this bank is its the best I have dealt with for some time and i am now considering moving my current account to this bank too.            
                Back in 2010 i put in a check at your bank santander  then received a letter that i was overdrawn so i paid back feb 2011 .but when i went back to get my money there wont give me my money why?i paid the overdrawn payment so why this. I was a victim i was scamed you wasnt as i paid your money. as you said you wont never give my money over £ 4,000..Asking me to give proof that where the cheak came from bt i havent i shown them that i did pay back £ 1,200 took my id's aswel so now what???            
                My Name is Aram Tonakanyan: In December 2008 I lost my wife Kaloshina Irina. Two weeks before her death we transferred our money to Irina's accounts in Spanish banks "Santander" and "La Caixa". To her account in "Santander" we transferred about 200 000 euros, and to "La Caixa" about 400 000 dollars. After becoming inheritor I hired a lawyer to formalize the assets under my name and I found out that banks had given all the money to an unknown lawyer with a forged power of attorney. Based on all these facts I started a criminal process and the Economics Crime Police found out that the faked power of attorney was given to that unknown lawyer not only THREE MONTHS AFTER my wife's death, but there also existed an obvious lack of conformity with her original identification card. Woman pictured on faked ID extremely differed from my dead wife, there were mistakes in her last name and some other data. I am sure that the banks had the copies of my wife's original documents, because she was their customer for ages. Based on that fake documents both banks gave such an amount of money to an unknown person ignoring the whole transfer security policy. This speaks a lot about the lawlessness which is practiced in such respected European banks. I sued the criminal process in 2009. My lawyers tried to solve the problems with banks exceptionally in peaceful way, but the banks refused and offered me to address the civil court, beforehand knowing that in this case they will be able to protract the process for an unspecified time. I am already 65 years old. I am a sick man that lost completely everything because of incompetence and/or malice of banks "Santander" and "La Caixa".Before I trusted my possessions to these banks I was a well off man having intentions to set up a business in United States of America because whole my family lives here. Now I receive aid for the poor from United States Government (I am a resident of this country), while banks of "Santander" and "La Caixa" rule over my life and my property, ignoring my legal rights. We trusted these banks and considered them to be credible, meanwhile they even didn't have any decency to express their regrets about their obvious mistake. They even ignored my lawyer for a long time, before they weren't called in evidence. We even addressed the Bank of Spain to give an official opinion about the actions of these licensed banks. It was seven months ago and our request is still unanswered. After this what can we expect from banks themselves? I have lost my hope that these banks will return my property and the health I wasted all these years. My lawyers will insist on criminal responsibility of bank directors for their actions.I am intended to address the society and all possible organizations in USA, that can help me to retrieve all the things I lost because of my belief in banks of "Santander" and "La Caixa". I am sure that the institution of human rights in United States works perfectly. Me and my lawyers have all the verified documents, which we can present in case of necessity.            
                i am satander customer since 18 months. poor service , poor call center response, poor complaints resolution, online banking is rubbish and website is awful. if you do a transfer more than 900 pounds through online you have to walk to the nearest branch with your id and details and you can wait in the branch 30 minutes for a appointment. my branch is 21 miles away from my house. finally money be in payees account after 3 days.  They took 3 months to sort out my simple online transaction issue. if you call to their customer service center better take half day off from your work and call them . if you are using a pay as you go phone recharge it for minimum 10 pounds or more.            
                This bank gives you the run around.  Hardly anyone can answer a simple question and its a lottery on if you get help when you call their helpline.  The only reason I give them a one star is because this site won't let me post until I pick one.  Just plain terrible.            
                I've had a lot of health issues and personal problems over the years and staff at Santander couldn't have been more considerate or helpful in assisting me when my account has occasionally incurred charges because I wasn't able to manage it as well as I should.  I've had a great deal of experience with various banks and its no small thing for me to praise one - I actually believe that their staff are asked to consider how they would like to be treated if it was them on the other side of the counter and they behave accordingly.  The advise and help that I've received from this bank has been well over and above what they could reasonably have been expected to provide...            
                Have just left Santander after having had my account shut down twice in the last month, due to over zealous security and without being contacted. This is despite having over £1000 in my account, but nonetheless I was refused cash at my local post office twice. The second refusal was the last straw!Accessing a customer service person is cumbersome and often means time spent in a long queue, listening to annoying repetitive piped music. Additionally, since being moved from A & L I have been unable to set up direct debits or standing orders online. They insisted on having a mobile to "transmit a secure code" to enable the setup, but I refused to give them my mobile number.I have just joined First Direct and hope that I have gone from the worst bank to the very best!            
                When it started in the as family Bank and later local (in Santander) and regional Bank they were really impressive. Then in the 70s they did tart to become national and  suddenly they were less impressive. And I know what I am saying because a that time their were poaching staff from other Banks (that in less than 6 months they were regretting it) and I was working in other Bank in front of their local branch. Fortunately, I did refuse their offer.Mr Botin family always was a local mafia so nothing new on that, His son-in-law is Severiano Ballesteros and is the only thing good in that family.My sister is going through a legacy issue were the money is deposit in the Santander and after 10 years still she didn't manage to get a cent. Every time is a new legal demand; three lawyers have been involved so far unsuccessfully. They charge the Moon nearly just to get in a branch (it s joke, of course, but it is pretty close) and to breath inside. To open a  new account by transfering  the standing balance from the old one they charge you. It is the Bank  with more expensive fees in the country to use their ATMs.  Customer Service is in fact non existent, when  you go to resolve an issue they treat you like if you were a cockroach; if you call by phone always "sorry, in this moment there is not staff available, please call later".I could write a book about Banco de Santander bad behaviour..            
                have had the same bank for over 40 years (by three different names) Girobank, Alliance & Leicester and Santander.The first taken over by the second and subsequently taken over by the last. Their service has deterioted so much that after my last complaint (which has been live for about 2 weeks and I am yet to be convinced is resoved) I have arranged to transfer to a local bank (the Bank of Scotland) who welcomed me with open arms. How refreshing it was to talk to someone face to face within minutes without having to attempt a 36 mile round trip to the nearest Santander branch. I have completely lost confidence in Santander  where clearly the right hand does not know what the left is doing. I have always considered myself a reasonable and patient individual as may be seen from my remaining with the same bank for 40 years without conemplating changing until now. I for one will not miss Santander and would not recommend them to anyone.            
                santander are a rip off bank late payments fees even when you pay your store card in shop one the day stealing off the less well off as usual its the less well off that suffer who'd  not recommend them and i bank with them thre a disgrace            
                having been a member  of abbey /santander for over 15 yearsi have never once had any reason to complain about them  to me they are the best bank ever i have also held account in other bank compared to these they all suck the worst been Barclay the worst bank ever            
                They accidently overdrew me by £4, charged me over and over and over for being overdrawn, phoned me incessantly with threats of legal action, caused me untold stress and finally after months, I was told it was a mistake and my account was zeroed after paying an extortionate amount of charges. I wouldnt touch this bank with someone elses money, if it was the only bank left, i'd bury my cash in the garden            
                I was delighted to be able to summarise my experience with Santander which includes miscalculating my mortgage (and trying to charge me for it), demanding interest payment for a period after I closed it - having previously given me another sum as final payment due, and a catalogue of failing to provide promised information for my late mothers estate which I was only able to get out of them by using the Financial Ombudsman after seven or eight months effort.  None of the ten or more individuals i spoke to apologised , took responsibility for the situation or ever, ever returned calls.  I really hope if you are reading this you will stay away from them - finance capitalism at its worst.            
                Terrible bank for business banking.We were with Abbey business banking, they were good and offered free banking for life, now Santander have taken over they have ruined a good bank.Now Santander inform us they intend to charge for business banking.We will be moving to another bank.----------edit - 2 years on and they never did introduce charges!  And we did not move...            
                Opened an account with A&L when I was 11. Crappy accounts for kids but I managed... When I was 13 I opened an account with Abbey which gave me an ATM Card, use to put all my money in that account and A&L become useless just had a couple of hundred I'd saved up in it........ When I was 16 I got a Visa Electron debit card and that was better, they also send me a cheque book on my request........ 2 months later had to report my card lost and they sent me a Visa Debit card(Electronic only) I wrote a cheque for £112 and was returned unpaid they charged me £25 there after my cheque book was stolen. When I reported it they said there where cheque transactions on my account.... I'm 18 now and because I refuse to pay the charges when I didn't write the cheques there ruining my credit......... I cant even get a basic account            
                Between the 11 pm telephone calls and the fact that they will call 7 times or more a day despite having spoken to me, they are definitely in violation of collection practices.  Additionally, they WILL NOT work with you when there is a delay in your ability to pay the loan on time.  Every deferment request I have submitted has been denied.  Now, having only 4 months left of payments on a 72 month loan they threaten repossession for 2 outstanding payments that were to be deferred by the company they assumed my loan from.  No one in customer service speaks competent English and they get upset when you ask them to repeat themselves to clarify.  I almost wish I hadn't bought my car even though I love it.  I wish my loan had not been purchased by this company as it has tainted my ability to love this vehicle purchase.            
                I am disgusted with Santander with their customer support. I am a jobseeker, unfortunately stuck in a £350 overdraft, can hardly afford to feed myself due to their reckless fees. They have no contingency plans for those who can not afford to pay, their only advice is to speak to the guys on the phone which tell me to freeze my account.I would love to see somebody in confidence at my local branch who can give me the support I need and those that are in a boat load more trouble then me. I would also like to be able to contact my local branch instead of the "only" 0845 number.For overdraft debts, they should also provide a method of paying it off at the same price as the overdraft fee, "Currently £20 a month, I guess it will be £30 next year".I have never had another bank account, I used to be with Abbey and they were fantastic. What a shame.Maybe Santander is just as bad as any other huge bank, honestly... I'll be getting a credit union current account and i'll just hope Bank of Dave opens near me.            
                this bank is  shit dont ever ever ever join this bank they are not understanding towards anything they charge u for any little thing and get u in a lot of dept fucking pricks            
                I'm a santander website & find it very good to use.            
                This bank is just terrible, especially their overdraft fees and charges.I paid all fees and charges and leveled my account to 0 again, yet they tell me they will apply more charges! CRAZY!STAY AWAY PLEASE.            
                I was looking for some terms and conditions or fee information about my new student account (as i never received any of this when i opened it or through the post) but found absolutely nothing. Had to go into the branch but they weren't much help either...            
                I have an isa with santander i have found them reliable and the staff at my local branch are very helpful.            
                Very good bank in those hard days. Never had any problem with it            
                Had to close my business account because they don't employ Bankers - just so-called "customer service" staff to whom they pay minimum  wages.  Don't be fooled by their misleading marketing.            
                Bad experiencs when I was administering a Power of Attorney for a relative            
                I've been with Santander since they took over A&L and have hardly had any complaints. Their security dept twice spotted fraudulent attempts to access my account and informed me immediately.On line banking is pretty easy and safe too.            
                Why I keep setting up accounts with this company I do not know.. sometimes the best rate isn't worth the pain.We applied for a mortgage earlier in the year on the advice of our broker who said it would take 3-4 weeks.  It took nearly 2 months and involved the most tedious process - request after request for more information.  Everything got lost and had to be submitted again, further requests for information..... we were tearing our hair out.  I would not apply for another mortgage with them again on this basis.I also have a business account with them - I recently moved and wanted to inform them of my new address.  I couldn't do it online so phoned up - apparently they can't do this over the phone so I had to drive to a branch, armed with lots of paper and fill in a form... what is the point of internet banking when you have to go to a branch to inform them of an address change????I also stupidly set up a savings account as the rate was good.  Every time I set up a new payment from the account they freeze the account, nobody calls you and the only way you find out is when you try to log on and find your account has been suspended.  You then have to go through two rounds of security questions to get it unblocked.  I keep complaining but never get a explanation as to why their 'security system' blocks my account every time I try to pay a new person.They have recently implemented additional log on security, you get sent a transaction code to your mobile in order to make a new payment yet this is apparently still not secure enough so they freeze your account...... grrrrr.I think I'll move - I used to be with CTI who are brilliant..the best online account I've ever had.. shame their rates drop after the intro period.            
                Tried to close my account due to appalling customer service on a "premier account" (paying £5 a month to be treated like rubbish). It then took them 3 months to close the account, each month charging me £5 on the account and then charging an overdraft fee of £50.            
                Totally useless service. Rude and indifferent staff who don't have clue what's going on. I wouldn't let my dog bank his dog biscuits with them!            
                SANTANDER BANK has been fantastic  to me and there FACEBOOK and TWITTER team is a fantastic way to get help. A bonus about Santander is they are not owned by Tax payers! :) There are many great accounts and many which adapt to each persons daily life!            
                this is the reason i bank with them- better than anyotehr bank service i am aware of and very easy to use. brillaint way to keep a check on the account            
                I've been with Santander for around 4 years now, and I've not really had any problems with them. I left Barclay's after a series of customer service muck ups and moved to Santander (then Abbey) as they offered a 0% overdraft. I've now got two savings accounts with them with I can access through my online banking - their online banking system is really easy to use as well.They loose one star for the new daily overdraft charges, but it seems all the other big players do them same thing so can't complain too much!            
                I had to join this bank from the reliable A&L bank which i was with for years with no problems and no fraud transactions.  However, I became overdrawn with santander after fraud on my account in November. They did refunded the transactions but not the overdrawn charges which were massive. The fraud continued in feb and this month and as a result I have since had to pay charges on top of charges every month.  In 5 months they have drained all my savings and now as a result i have had to start an IVA and change bank. Avoid this bank, i have lost almost everything through no fault of my own thanks to Santander.  They dont listen and dont care less.            
                Been banking with Santander for 2yrs now, efficient, simple and secure. Very happy and would not go back to Barclays for love nor money :0)            
                Fees. Just disgusting. No calls to see if they can help.... no warning of the fees as a green customer. Vulgar aggressive profiteering that will lead the less fortunate to spiral downward. £150 fees on my account.            
                I became a Santander customer via a takeover.I was logged onto e-banking, moving money about no problem.A pop up appeared about an e-saver account, offering good interest. So, I set up an account, nice and simple because I was an existing customer, or so I thought....I was able to immediately transfer a considerable sum of money into it from my current account. So far so good.A couple of weeks later, I needed some of the money back in my current account, so via e-banking, tried to send some back !! Computer says no, account blocked, advised to visit branch.Visit branch (long queue), they can do nothing as its an e account, asked to call them. Call them, told to give the branch a copy of my statement so that they can fax it through to verify who I am. Another long queue to tell them that I do need to get them to fax of a copy of my statement. 45 minutes later, several phone calls and various fax numbers later, a very frazzled bank worker finally speaks to the right person who tells him to tell me that my account will soon be unblocked and that they will call me to tell me when.No phone call, and in the meantime, I now go overdrawn. many more phone calls, and eventually I have any charges refunded and a small amount of compensation paid.Its simply pathetic, they take your money without any issues, but wont give it back !! - thats theft in my books.Just opened a Halifax account, took about 2 minutes, and will be closing my 2 Santander accounts as soon as I can get them to close them (thats a whole new story !!).Their operational procedures are designed by idiots, and the poor customer facing staff have to try and deal with angry customers all day. The people I dealt with were great, but also expressed empathy with my situation and agreed that the process was "barmy".Be aware.            
                I find the on-line service easy & reliable. The staff at my nearest branch (12 miles away) are surly and unhelpful.            
                Excessive overdraft charges, £35 Unauthorised overdraft fee! and £25 paid item fee per transaction. This can add up Ive been caught out waiting on clients to pay and then incurred charges of over £100 for going over my authorised limit for only days.            
                WE WOULD LIKE TO THANKYOU FOR LOOKING AFTER OUR MONEY WE DONT LISTEN TO WHAT OTHERS SAY WE LOVE YOU            
                Santander is my main bank...and was wary when they took over Abbey, but I have had nothing to complain about...much better now their call centres are back in the UK...online service is excellent...and I think they have got better.            
                Snatander took over Bradford and Bingley.  I tried unsuccessfully on line to access my account, phoned help etc adn was told to go to a branch.  They looked and looked and couldn't work it out either - back to square one and back to help desk. Hours wasted            
                The rates on my accounts were all good for 12 months, then became terrible.  I stopped putting money in the current account and was gouged  £5 per month till I realised.The branch staff are ill trained and it took several branch visits to close my account and get my money back.            
                Santander have been a rubbish bank for as long as I can remember. We have moved country and closed our bank account on 30th Jan 2012. They are completely incompetent and sent a cheque for the final amount to our old address in the UK, even though we gave them all our new details. It is now Mar12, 2012 and they still have not repaid our money. We have a phone bill of over $600. We have complained to the ombudsman, who has contacted Santander - still no joy. If they were an ordinary person, we could accuse them of theft! I have given them 1 star, only because this won't let me give them no stars.            
                Requested a cheque book for my business in January, still waiting on 8 March. Call themselves a bank??Despite several complaints and numerous telephone calls this bank is unable to provide a service, or indeed escalate the issue to a responsible line manager.For a small business entirely dependent upon cheque books, this is totally unacceptable.If anyone has the email address of the MD Robin Foale, please post it on this website            
                Google 'worst bank in Uk'. It's all there. They wouldn't let me make a balance transfer either over the counter (after the usual 30 minute wait), by phone or online today, now putting my holiday at risk. And this after continuing problems accessing my account, never being rung back by thier non existent customer service department, receiving a replacement card, and being promised internet banking details that never arrived. Awful. And the staff are so, so, rude. Please, please, please, never join this shoddy excuse for a bank.            
                easy to use but cost a lot to use thanks            
                business banking, personal banking, in branch, online.  Total disaster, every time.            
                They do not allow you to take cash out at the counter unless it is over £50. This means when I want my sons judo money I have to take out £30, go overdrawn and be charged, just so I can pay it, and pay the change back into the account.            
                Great website that allows u two keep in control of your money with ease and simplicity. Very easy to transfer money and set up payments. Everything is made so simple and user friendlyTheir new mobile app makes it even easier to keep control with a perfect app that is so intuitive and offers all the services from the websitePerfect            
                Please, a useless bank and zero customer support capability. I had a recent issue where the bank had authorised a transaction on a card that had been reported lost. They never ever paid me the money, gave me the run-around, spoke to a different person each time I called, and never took the complain seriously.This incident begs the question - how safe is our money with Santander. I know I am arranging to move my account now.You've been warned.            
                Attempted to open current account and told account live but couldn't access it because security code never came-impossible to speak to anyone without the code- local branch was less than useless-wrote 8 letters without a reply from enayone even their customer services manager- eventually got email address for CEO[last one] and sent him an email- then got contacted by someone on his behalf who hadn't a clue - eventyually managed to disengage completly and withdraw funds-not a happy experience at all.Would never use them again -no confidence in an organisation that is so so impersonal            
                I had an account with Santander and found it nearly impossible to reach there department that deals with bankruptcy.  This department apparently only can be contacted by FAX!!! What century are they in??????            
                I have been banking with Santander for over ten years and have only ever had to query something once. The new design website is secure and informative and has specialised software to protect your log in details and passwords. Santander are efficient and on the ball, if they think someone is using your card they ring you immediately to inform you. The staff are friendly and courteous and the branches are always clean and welcoming.            
                Shocking company!I have recently opened another bank account with a competitor and have also recently moved home.  I transferred about £1500 from my Santander account to my other account online.A few days later I had trouble signing into my online account so I contacted customer services who advised me that they suspected a fraudulent transaction on my account and so i had to answear a few questions to get my account up and running again.  They advised me that they spotted the £1500 but couldn't stop it.  I received a letter a few days later saying that they couldn't stop the £1500.Luckily, it was going into my own account so there was no concern, but Santander noticed it but didn't do anything about it.Further to this, I can't believe in this day and age that it still takes at least 2 working days to do a balance transfer with Santander online!            
                time after time i tried to accurately follow the instructed steps....i rang the helpline which was pleasant n helpful......BUT still i kept going round in a loop time after timei understand the need for secure registration but it just didn't work for me and i would like ms clare mc kitterick operations delivery manager at santander bank to look into my case and explain why it all failed to produce a result for me ,please            
                A take over and a real drop in standards and customer care.            
                I could go on forever about the lousy "customer service" this bank offers.  Their callcentres are non uk, and I have as yet not managed one successful outcome in any of my dealings with them. Eg: When my debit card expired I was not sent a new one, instead I had to chase for one via their callcentres. This was a disaster, instead of a new card I lost all access to my internet banking as they had registered my card as stolen. It took me a month to get replacement card but I have lost all access to internet banking as they reset my passwords etc and sent me 4 seperate pins, which don't work. I will be moving banks            
